AA	Beyonce flow right now ______ \nThat's always though . #teamBey.
AA	Kim &amp; Kanye Baby Vs. Beyonce &amp; Jay-Z Baby !
White	Can't fucking wait for this Beyonce documentary to come out on HBO. February 16th can't come soon enough.
AA	How dare Kenya ever compare herself to BeyonceÓ----exactly! Child plzzzz__
Hisp	Guy or girl basically everyone wishes they were Beyonce ____ #atb
White	Destiny's Child releasing new music? Beyonce must need a babysitter while on tour. Who makes a better nanny Kelly or Michelle?
Hisp	Beyonce didn't bring it like I know she can...she kept it too pretty. She should have went Dream Girls up there #Inaug2013
White	"I don't care if Beyonce lip sang, I love her !! Hell I don't care if jay-z did it, it sounded beautiful!!"
Hisp	A girl doesn't need a body if she has a pretty face. Just look at Ariana Grande she doesn't have no Beyonce body but her face is just wow.
White	Chickie and Pete's is going in with the Beyonce tonight !!!!!
AA	Whitney Houston woulda super bent this song !!! Bt shoutout to Beyonce though !!
White	Why the fuck do we care about Beyonce? People be getting shot and a kid is hostage in a fucking bunker. Come on news.
AA	If Beyonce does this good Morehouse Star Spangled Banner transition into Lift Every Voice and sing!
White	Ask me if I'm stoked for the HBO Beyonce documentary. (the answer is very yes)
AA	Ritz crackers are mad lightskin now. Beyonce probably got something to do with it. Lol
AA	What's the deal: Alicia Keys sing the National Anthem and Beyonce soon the half time show. My tv will be on mute
White	Shut up about Beyonce already... try using whatever brain cells you have for something more productive.
AA	Most marriages go sour due to money problems. Jay-Z dont have no issues on Money with Beyonce. Ladies take note lol
White	I.AM.BEAT. But I saw Beyonce and that was everything! #Inaug2013
AA	Beyonce Is Not Singing Anymore ... &amp; Y'all Still Talkin' 'Bout Her -__-
AA	Beyonce or Tahiry ?Ó WTF BEY' -- u can't compare that lil bitch to bey at all
Hisp	; Dang it lol well ima try &amp; sleep goodnight  Beyonce __
Hisp	Back in the day I got a lot of compliments when I had highlights ;) \nBut idk cause I'm really feeling Beyonce's hair tone
Hisp	Has Beyonce low key empowered hip hop again on another level...gave it credibility in mainstream?????
Hisp	"Wow Beyonce's song diva just came on, i love it so much"
Hisp	The fact that Beyonce performed in the rain. Ugh... I can't even. Queen.
Hisp	I was about to ask Isaiah why he's looking at a picture of Beyonce but I guess that's a pretty dumb question
Hisp	My top Beyonce song would have to be End of Time __ how bout you guys?
White	Jay Z and Beyonce are the new it couple hands down!
White	I mean I'm just gonna watch the Super Bowl because Beyonce is hot so
Hisp	Forever gonna be obsessed over Mariah Carey &amp; Beyonce lol
White	Has anyone seen the February GQ cover with Beyonce? DAMN
Hisp	Ugh why justin bieber? Why couldnt it have been Beyonce and Jay-Z ugh fucking lame. Hate mayweather ..
White	Me and karla are havin an argument over who's hotter. I said Megan good and Beyonce. She said Halle berry and Paula Patton. #iwin
White	I really like Beyonce. But give the national anthem to someone who doesn't choose to use a vocal track at the last minute.
White	"Prince says he wants you to get in this clam shell, Obama. \n--Beyonce"
Hisp	Now time to play girls love Beyonce Now before I crash!&lt;3
Hisp	as bold as Kenya thinking she looks like Beyonce!!!! Lol....
White	I always cry at the National Anthem.  Beyonce did a great job!
White	I could be in the worst mood and hear love on top by Beyonce and be like _ðð_ðð_ðð_ðð
AA	Yall need to get off of Beyonce nuts.. Actin' like she the first celeb to ever lip sync!
White	I still don't understand why people hate on Beyonce...someone please remind me
Hisp	"The first was being born as someone who would not grow up to be Batman, Beyonce, or Kobe."
AA	I like Michelle's hair better with bangs. She looked nice. And Beyonce was flawless. As usual.
AA	I Would Pick Beyonce Over Any Girl . Even My Mother
Hisp	"Look, if you still don't understand... Let me put it to you this way... \n\nBeyonce could wake me up from a nap and I would still be pissed."
Hisp	"I'm guessing my phone is in the mood for some Beyonce, back to back!"
Hisp	Beyonce be getting me in the mood to dance lmao __
Hisp	If you like it then you shoulda put a ring on ittttt #Beyonce
AA	Is Beyonce actually gonna let them other 2 women sing on this album?Ó lmfaooo
Hisp	"Most girls dream to look like Beyonce or Rihanna, I want to look like Disney's Pocahontas :D"
AA	The same hoes talkin shit bout Beyonce was the same ones that was on that Barbie swag when Nicki got hot.... FOH man lol
Hisp	lmao well girls love Beyonce.. So I just figured lol
AA	I wish everybody get off Beyonce dick stop like y'all don't know she can sing #thanks #Managment__
AA	Me nd ma thug gone be like Bonnie&amp;Clyde ima be his ride or die his fucking Beyonce to Jay Z
AA	I wonder what song/songs Beyonce will be lip singing at the Super Bowl
White	Can't WAIT to watch the HBO  documentary on Beyonce!!! :) #eek
White	Alicia Keys and Beyonce are role models for a lot of girls in this world
Hisp	I hate when one person goes threw and likes all your pics ____ stop blowing up my INSTA notifications are you Beyonce or Les Twins no!
White	Very weepy on this Inauguration Day. Kelly and Beyonce killed it. Stonewall and climate change references. It's a new dawn kiddies.
AA	Lik a big bitty black diva like Beyonce like Trina
White	Glad to see the most powerful couple in the country is there.... Clearly Beyonce and Jay-Z.
White	Beyonce shouldn't have to open a press conference by singing the national anthem just to prove she sang it on the recording.
AA	"Beyonce my wife, Gabrielle union my baby, Zoe Saldana my mistress, Janelle monae is who I go to wen they act up"
AA	"Beyonce. On GQ naked last week, singing at the Inauguration this week"
AA	And by that I mean where am I eating wings drinking and Watching the Beyonce performance...
AA	Is it just me or did Beyonce sound like some ish on this New Year's Eve show. #Snoozer
AA	Wow Beyonce! Unbelievable! Too great of a singer to fake it but I get it LOL
Hisp	Ugh why justin bieber? Why couldnt it have been Beyonce and Jay-Z ugh fucking lame. Hate mayweather ..
Hisp	"Girls love Beyonce, girls love to fuck with your conscience."
Hisp	Okay Beyonce we get out your the Queen... Can you release some new music already?
White	Im a bigger fan of Beyonce' than I thought. Upgrade U still goes...
White	So Beyonce lip synched the national anthem. Niggers be frontin.
Hisp	If Jay-Z cheat on Beyonce no guy will ever feel the need to be faithful in a relationship ever again.
Hisp	I Just Entered #SummerBySony So I Could Win Beyonce Tickets:)
AA	I wonder what done Beyonce gone sing?? Did she sing yet??
AA	did she (Kenya) just say Everyday people thinks shes Beyonce sumbody get her meds #sheforgotagain
Hisp	u are the greatest Beyonce do a Texas shout out
AA	I think Beyonce could've done better so not feeling her performance.
AA	Ok I know I'm gonna get stoned for this but I just heard Beyonce star spangled banner and it was actually average to me ...
White	Beyonce's national anthem was damn good... But Kelly killed it.
AA	*skKeeeeer* wait Hol'up ummmm please don't think that Beyonce is the new Whitney... cuz she aint! #message
White	Watching the video of the inauguration and loling at how blatantly obvious it is that Beyonce is lip-syncing. I can't even watch it. Too awk
Hisp	All these women at the Metball looks Gorge ..and Beyonce's outfit is fluke compared to theirs.
White	some serious Beyonce  sing along going on right now #listen __________
White	Beyonce is 31 she can run for prez in 4 years
White	Beyonce is trying to remake one in a million? Bitch....
Hisp	I can't listen to Beyonce without wanting to sing and dance for everyone around__
AA	I'm gone watch the Super Bowl just so I can see Beyonce !
White	Thank you Beyonce for actually SINGING the National Anthem and not trying to make it a radio hit. Sounded great! #inauguration2013 #Respect