White	Obama speeches make my head spin ! Mandela  is beautiful!. Obama when he talks.It's ROUND n Round we go.
AA	Talm Bout Everybody Finna Get Bangs Cuz Of Michelle Obama ..Umm No! Mfs Been Wearing Them
White	Obama isn't going to take away guns he is going to take away assault rifles what the fuck do you need an assault rifle anyways
AA	A any of yall MF knw Obama @ name on here?
Hisp	I wanna go eat but my mom said now until she's done watching Obama. __\n#Inaug2013
Hisp	But.... It's Obama free .-. Haha You're right though.. I just wanna leave the Country :p
AA	Bitch gon ask whats Obama's last name...I told her Williams
Hisp	Obama looks just like the devil check out his eyes same video on U Tube speaking in Hollywood. Anti Christ ???__
Hisp	Good! They all voted for Obama so let them kill each other! I'm tired of paying for them!
AA	Obama gotta hurry wit his speech Maury finna cum on
White	Obama and Tiger are the biggest uncle toms in the world
White	We knew that was coming.  Scary Obama emperor for life.
White	Teabaggers/RWNJs just can't stand that President Obama won a second term. Bless their tiny little hating heats.
White	"The SS tax increase was necessary for the life of the program, but isn't it wonderful that it came in Obama's tax bill."
Hisp	You're a good little liberal lap dog! You make me sick! Go ahead a kiss Obamas ring! You already kissed his ass!
AA	This Barack Obama page on my tl. THEY KNOW GOOD N WELL HE AIN'T GOT NO DOG'ON TWITTER!!!!!
Hisp	A Obama para que les arda mas a los gringos lol
Hisp	Just saw a sticker on a car that said #ObamaSucks... Made my day.
White	You never see a Obama sticker on an American made car? Why is that?
White	Obamacare = The Affordable Care Act...\n\nThe clowns who wrote that must have a fairly tenuous connection with reality.
AA	I love the gown the Michelle Obama wore she looking stunning !!
White	B also took out her Obama ornament and put it on display for the inauguration today. ______ð__
White	The House has the power to stop Obama's runaway spending. They just need the will. Shut down government. Save the economy. Save America.
Hisp	Uncle Obama I like the shape of your banana. Can I give it to my monkey?
White	I believe Obama will be the reason I ultimately stop buying shoes. #TakinMoUhMuhMoney
White	4 years from now you'll all regret voting for Obama. #StupidCommie
White	"It's a hip hop event? The Obama girls are dancing up a storm, just NO RESPECT for the moment! This first family is lowering the bar too far!"
Hisp	Persons saying they don't like Obama have issues.how can you like or dislike someone you've never met.
AA	FOR MLK DAY I GOT SOME MLK SPECIAL EDITION KUSH\n\nITS CALLED Michelle Obama ::\n\nGUARANTEED TO HOLD A GOOD NIGGA DOWN LOL::\n\n FWM ::
AA	Obama in office niggas &amp; bitches get yo act together
AA	"Me. J Cole. Bob Marley. President Obama. Check the stats, my team winning."
AA	These people talkin bout Michelle Obama and wat she wore omg
White	Listen to the tone Obama is the chief divider in this country he will never be the work together president
Hisp	And if you really think Obama puppet ass gonna file civil charges then you probably also believe this is a free country smh wake up
Hisp	"ehh, but Obama called you gay. Can't top that bruh"
AA	I'm On A Mission To Get Obama Oldest Daughter . .  She Is Gorgeous ! __
AA	Dese MFS on Boondocks talmbout ridin Obama dick .. LMAO
Hisp	"Sr. President Obama, Como ciudadano USA me siento en la obligation Žtica y moral de exigirle que NO MAS PETROLEO DE VENEZUELA"
Hisp	I was lmao In my car when I heard your Obama impression!!
Hisp	"Nobody's getting America's guns, focus on cutting spending &amp; act like a real POTUS, Pinocchio! #ObamaSucks"
AA	If President Obama ever decide to move on from Michele I will be first in line.
White	\rYou should do Obama lifting the ban off women serving in the front line. There are a lot of mixed feelings on this. Thoughts? :)
AA	Boondocks always making fun somebody.... *sings dick riding Obama lmao
Hisp	I'm telling y'all Obama is the Devil dude and all y'all bitches voted for him
Hisp	What the fuck is Bill doing there? Obama should be there
White	Hoping everyone that voted Obama is enjoying their tax increase!
AA	Watching the Inauguration before I head out! Michelle Obama looks GREAT!
Hisp	"Except God spoke to Mose and Obama spoke to Holder, huge difference!"
AA	Now I Know my neighbors aint on no #Domesticviolence sh*t on MLK &amp;&amp;&amp; Obama Day?...Damn....*thrws up hands* ..Ni99as. *sigh*
AA	Obama was Gona shout my twitter name out but I told him Dnt even wry about it
AA	The DMV mad hype son lmaoÉÉ Ravens won its MLK day and Obamas inaguration is tody
AA	"I love Michelle Obama. I love everything about her. The way she carry herself, her style and her love for the president."
AA	But where was all this anti governmental everything rhetoric before Pres. Obama. He was always aware but not as hateful
Hisp	Obama a bit repetitive and boring. Needs rest and inspiration IMO
Hisp	Maybe family night before my stepdad goes to Afghanistan ! Obama send our heros home ! :(
White	Te-o deserved the Heisman like Obama deserved the Nobel Peace Prize..
AA	I wonder if Obama and his wife are fuckin right now ?
White	The US is falling behind in the most prosperous countries because of our wild west guns and awful healthcare. Show us some change Obama
White	Mom: what's the worst moment in 2012? \n\nDad: Obama getting reelected \n\n#RepublicanProbz
AA	I really don't like this law Obama just passed.... Smh
Hisp	#ObamaIsNotSatan Yes he is. Just a little bit dark. And convincing.
AA	In other news President Barack Obama got to meet Mario Chalmers today... #CongratsObama
Hisp	If you want to protect schools then arm them - Obama protects his kids they have 15 SS officers!
White	Hey Piers now that President Obama threw the ball back to the people &amp; the 113th guess what? now nothing will be done as usual!
White	I am pretty sure that OBAMA'S FAA/FCC is responsible for this!!! #ObamasAmerica #wifiwalter
White	Not much talk about the inauguration today. Oh wait that's right nobody cares about Obama
Hisp	WTF is Barack Obama doing trying pass this bill!__\n#immigrationreform #CNNNEWS
White	"The Niners, Tomorrow Obama.....always pick winners...this sprig we have another one #HK"
White	President Obama must layout his full agenda 4 the next 2yrs N remain steadfast in his resolve 2 bring it 2 a reality.#FNA
White	"Obama is regulating gun control to protect the innocent people, yet he believes that woman can kill their own innocent children? #DamnLibs"
Hisp	Don't your lips ever get tired of kissing Obamas ass! You're not free to speak! You're a left wing puppet!
White	"Obama is steal President, regardless we have to accept it, but God is still in charge..."
AA	Like frfr we gotta make progress to. Obama cant do it by himself #SIMPLE
AA	They're trying to impeach President Obama over gun control...for real?! C'mon son...
AA	I bet half of y'all don't even understand what Obama is saying !!
Hisp	What happened to Obama? No one talks about him anymore
Hisp	Interested to see how President Obama runs this second term. He now has NOTHING to prove &amp; doesn't have re-election in the forefront.
Hisp	I thought Obama shut u up a long time ago?
Hisp	Obama tells text me.couz ima take a shit.lol:lol.ur dumm cx
AA	Obama dancing mad gangsta at the inaugural ball ! First Lady look beautiful in her red dress __
AA	Obama Got Waves . . . .  ! ! ! ! !
AA	"I feel like Obama, sooo much pressure on a nigga now."
White	Comeon Obama get off the tv! I'm missing the price is right
Hisp	We don't vote Liberal! That's why! Obama is afraid of the Military! He hates them! Rather feed illegals
Hisp	Hopefully Obama will put some braces on Michelle this Term . No shade just wanna see her smile bright like a Diamond.
Hisp	Yea your probably right! I swear I probably had a longer more frustrating day than Obama! -.- Haha
White	I am so sick and tired of Obama lying about the Republicans he is like a 5 year old
White	"Sorry ladies, gun show got canceled.  Obama's banning assault weapons"
White	"Obama's expression when Steve Kraft asks real dumb, factually inaccurate ?s is perfect. The WTF moment. C'mon Steve. U r missing the mark."
AA	Michelle Obama Getting Her Nicki Minaj On By Tha Head