AA	I hate to say it but raven going lose to 49ers
AA	If ii was the 49ers ii would've kept Alex smith
AA	that 49ers vs falcons game gone be some good shit
AA	49ers and Falcons... Idc who wins.. But Falcons got boocu fans bruh..
AA	49ers looking scary good. Seattle will have their hands full next week.
AA	boy i hope we dont gotta play the ravens . #49ers \u2665
AA	Im Happy For The Falconss . But We Gone See Yall Next Week . #49ers \u2665
AA	"Super bowl in 3 days, them 49ers finna go in"
AA	welp! both these teams was gone lose to the 49ers
AA	Ain't it funny how no one giving Falcons chance to beat 49ers lot of Haters on Board time to Rise Up and Kick a LiL ASS FALCONS
AA	"I mean i'm from Chicago. I'll cheer for the Bears, but i a bigger 49ers fan"
AA	This will be the first time two brothers would coach against each other in the Super Bowl. #49ersVsRavens
AA	I told y'all the 49ers got some gangstas on they team
AA	everybody all of a sudden a 49ers n ravens fan .. -__-
AA	S/O to the 49ers mane!!! We going all the way!!
AA	a 49ers fan got his neck slit by a falcons fan smh .
AA	I want the 49ers to lose just cause EVERYBODY and they moma on they dick.....
AA	"If The 49ers Dnt Score This Drive, They in Trouble"
AA	The falcons gonna get murked by the 49ers next week
AA	Feeling great!!!! Ready to see the 49ers take the Falcants down!!\u201dsooooo ready!!!!! Lol and they better lose!
AA	The #49ers coach got so mad look like he had foam coming out his mouth \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02
AA	Falcon and 49ers. Lol. Can Atlanta stop that 49ers offense?
AA	49ers vs. ??? idgaf kuz we gettin ANOTHER ring this year!
AA	lol the 49ers are a Seahawks Lite... WE IN THE SUPERBOWL NOW BRUH!!!!
AA	The Referee's won that game for the 49ers we had em beat fair n square
AA	"If U know bout football then U kno that personal foul called against us that gave 49ers 15 yards, wasnt called wen they hit matt ryan #TFB !"
AA	That falcons gotta but in some work against the 49ers
AA	Fuck the 49ers even doe dey might dig in the falcons ass though .
AA	"It would be good if Ray Lewis went out with a ring, but it's just not gonna happen like that. 49ers taking it this year.."
AA	"Boy 49ers in Trouble , nobody told then to beat my niggas last week ! \ud83d\udc9a\ud83d\udc9b\ud83d\udc9a #Packs"
Hisp	That missed FG could easily cost the #49ers this game!!
Hisp	let's go Kap next week Been a niner fan since 98 got my faith in you let coach cut u loose !! Go 49ers
Hisp	That's what I like to see! #49ers way more 49er faithfuls out here than I expected to see!
Hisp	Carlos the only thing that matters is that the 49ers grinded the cheeseheads in the grinder Lmfao
Hisp	The Only Reason Why I Want The 49ers To Win Is Cause Cali Need That Superbowl Win!!!
Hisp	Since the 49ers won my dad keeps bothering me -__-
Hisp	If that's not a sign the 49ers need to win idk what is....
Hisp	damnn the 49ers have hella players. The Steelers do too tho. We just need a fucking RB
Hisp	Ahh not scared a bit i know #49ers are gonna win
Hisp	nos vamos para el super bowl yessss 49ers. :-):-):-):-):-) I love you:-):-)
Hisp	"she likes anyone going against the #49ers, she is a phins fan though"
Hisp	hahaha 49ers are good. Kaepernick is pretty good too. So I'm scared lol
Hisp	Thank you twitter for letting me know the 49ers are going to the Super Bowl \ud83d\ude12. As if I care
Hisp	All of a sudden there are hella 49ers fans...where were they all hiding? LOL!
Hisp	"Run O, feed it to Gore. #49ers Come on D. Wake Up!!!!!!!!"
Hisp	Ravens and I can't believe I'm saying but lets go bay team 49ers
Hisp	"I don't know about this year though, I got the 49ers."
Hisp	I have money on the 49ers but I want the Falcons to go to the Super Bowl! Agh
Hisp	we goin to the Super Bowl!!!!!' #49ers \n\nWHO GOT IT BETTER THAN US?
Hisp	You gotta be kidding me man. So the 49ers suck also?
Hisp	My Moms Dog Tried Chewing Up My 49ers Beanie.! Good Thing I Caught The Bitch Lmao I Would've Killed Her.
Hisp	"hahaha we will see who's playing the 49ers at the bowl, most likely texans thou"
Hisp	49ers r gonna lose in the Super Bowl anyways \ud83d\ude0f
Hisp	So the #49ers have to get a #Revis deal done now right?
Hisp	yessir ! Red and gold Kobe's for a day my 49ers get better how fitting lol
Hisp	Wow anquan boldion is leaving the ravens and is going to the 49ers o:
Hisp	"men lie women lie, numbers don't. Facts are facts, bro. #49ers #PEDCarroll"
Hisp	Lmaooo hes a 49ers fan so i showed up to his house in my #Cowboys sweater lmaooooo
Hisp	bruh... Everyone is a beast that played for the 49ers.
Hisp	yeaa I know!. I would watch some games but didnt get into a team. Haha yea I heard they suck lol probably the 49ers
White	Idk who i want to win the super bowl...it's between the seahawks and 49ers
White	"Hate the ravens, hate the patriots, and if the 49ers win the Super Bowl it will be their 6th win, so GO FALCONS!"
White	that's if you don't want an address for you on here or what not !!! #49ersyouaretheanchor#
White	"is a pro #49ers crowd, the loudest cheers after that James touchdown"
White	Now I can careless about this AFC playoff game. Is obvious Pats gonna get it. #Patsvs49ers #SuperBowl game. That's my predictions
White	"I'm pulling for the Falcons and Ravens, so we can look forward to a Patriots/49ers Superbowl. I'll be pulling for the Pats. Congrats, 49ers."
White	"Looks like those smooth predictable Qtrback moves the 49ers, pulled on the Pack last weekend aren't wking 2day.1 man tm doesnt wrk."
White	"It's alright though, 49ers will whoop the shit out of the falcons! #49ers"
White	49ers are the overall favorite but Ray Lewis gonna get that Super Bowl ring before he retire
White	Boy the 49ers been blowing out other teams in some of their previous super bowls!
White	Words can't describe how pissed I am that The 49ers are going to the Superbowl. #furious
White	Dear heavenly father please give the 49ers a blessing 2 score so I can collect &amp; buy my son a new pair of shoes
White	"If I had folks like the 49ers, I would be a true spread team also"
White	"Kicked their ass in Lambeau, now going to have to do it in the Stick! #49ers #faithful"
White	yeah 2 weeks ago. Not this week. Still got 49ers winning it though.
White	Both the Falcons and 49ers have been here before the game is not over
White	Grandma has the kids do the hubby and I are going out celebrating the 49ers and Ravens wins!
White	sisters come and go. we waited 18 years for this game! #49ers
White	If the 49ers are in the Superbowl i will not be watching....
White	"Broncos, 49ers &amp; Gophers all need to win today &amp; ill be a happy guy"
White	"Chai Latte, Falcons-49ers game and homework after a nap... Sounds like a good afternoon. #CollegeLife #NFL"
White	I hate to say it but raven going lose to 49ers
White	"Jokes on you all, ive been a 49ers fan my whole life #GOSANFRAN"
White	"I'll be the first to admit I didn't see this beat down being delivered by the #49ers, or this performance by Colin Kapernick."
White	Well sucks to be a packers fan... My 49ers are rediculously good! #SBbound
White	Two weeks from now we will have the #HarbaughBowl #49ersRavens
White	If ii was the 49ers ii would've kept Alex smith
White	"Like I said, good defense wins tight games and it looks like the 49ers may have already given up those big, key plays. #NFLPlayoffs"
White	"Congrats to #ravens and #49ers , ATL vs SF NFC Championship. we shall rise up!"
White	Ok my 49ers won! Now just hoping the ravens beat patriots! Then of coarse I want 49ers to win the Super Bowl! Yep