AA	cause yo ass got me on that damn amazon now my ass den ordered so much shit it aint fucking funny
AA	....tryin to figure out why I got two children's books and an hdmi cord in the mail from amazon that I did not order... but my name is on it
AA	About to order these phone cases off amazon real quizickkkkkkkk .
AA	lol iaint even got amazon bands llab wait to dat refund check tho !
AA	Okay so amazon like to play games with these lame mfs !!!! Fucking with me you got the right bitch
AA	Jay is only 6'2. Beyonce is 5'7. Where did this amazon baby come from? Lol\u201d
AA	Think I'm gonna order some Golden Girls DVDs yep... It's that serious! *logs on amazon* \ud83d\udc40
AA	Mrs ain't neva askd yu da shit besides a fucking Fone case off amazon which was just recently
AA	"oh hell yea, hey my amazon queen \ud83d\ude0d good look buff"
AA	200 dollars off her card on random shit off amazon
AA	in that case.....order my casket from amazon n tell my mother I love her
AA	So I'm not the only one who orders from amazon after a few drinks?
AA	Been calling amazon all this month it's been 2nonths my shit still ain't come smh
AA	Wea tf is my fuckin wallet tf amazon doin shaw
AA	"go on amazon buy a screen for like 20-30$ &amp; then ill only charge you 25$ , but if I gotta buy the stuff then you gotta pay 50"
AA	Need to go on amazon today to get some stuff
AA	I think its gossip girl time..since amazon and hulu fakin on the pretty little liars
AA	I got a interview to get bak in amazon on the 9th. So im prolly moving bak to nap.
AA	all I wanna kno is if this dvd is different than the one from amazon. Must know if I should cancel my order
AA	Oomf used to be my homie at amazon we beefing now lol
AA	I'm bout to bring pagers back. Imma get me a gold pager off amazon..
AA	you gotta order it offline for like double the price on amazon check it out
AA	Alicia big ass amazon looking ass jumping her doe u h*es ain't bad #BGCA
AA	Im bout to go on amazon n buy me another phone case
AA	"yes, my amazon. Lol Im good. Pop-a-lock came by. Thx!"
AA	amazon woman doh run from Tarzan. So you must be ah fraud.
AA	Ima request off .. But right I needa find a top too \ud83d\ude29 I fuck around and order the one I saw on amazon
AA	Up early Finna get ready to do DESE five hours at amazon
AA	I be going from twitter 2 ig 2 Google crime to amazon 2 eBay... lawd... I'm tired lol
AA	Shop on amazon a month before the holidays less hassle #HolidayRealness
Hisp	Wtffff i rented magic mike on amazon and this bitch AINT playing. Ima have a BF!!
Hisp	did u try finding your books on amazon? That's what I did and I spent 30 on all mine
Hisp	I say we order a personal chinito massage person from amazon \ud83d\ude0f\ud83d\udc4c
Hisp	"Oh no I'm not in it lol, I was just saying that this girl that was on it was pretty, They battled last week at amazonia"
Hisp	I can easily hit 1k I'd I finished downloading all my CDs from stupid amazon cloud
Hisp	I just checked and on amazon instant video it's only $4.48 and then you can watch it whenever you want!
Hisp	Just bought a book! I'm amazon happy right now. I hate getting paid lol. I can't wait for it. \ud83d\ude01
Hisp	thrash can huh sounds nice. Bitch Ill see you in hell. Satan asked for your amazon account &amp; I sent I to him already... Bye
Hisp	"I wish, if I did I would've gotten myself one. Try getting it off of ebay or amazon"
Hisp	lol ohhhh I see omg I wanna get cute covers but idk how to use amazon /:
Hisp	"Still have an abundance of conditioner from amazon deals, so it's shampoo time!"
Hisp	Brandon's on amazon looking for things for me to buy him. this kid!
Hisp	came in today (bout time amazon) feel pretty darn safe now :D
Hisp	lip lock in stores everywere and on itunes and amazon
Hisp	Back on amazon to shop for a new extended battery that I can put a cover on! #galaxys3
Hisp	I seen a sick as despicable me case dressed as batman on amazon put the shipping was to long so didn't get it :/
Hisp	of course! Love her movies :) How much are you selling that one for? Neither can I and I don't wanna look on amazon yet lol
Hisp	yeah lol if it\u2019s fulfilled by amazon it\u2019ll be easy to do.
Hisp	never purchased anything from amazon. . . . \n\nbut i need a cheap cover for my macboom
Hisp	Healthy competition is not a bad thing. IBM and HP have some advantages over amazon for sure in some areas.
Hisp	Jk..but really I want sephora and or amazon gift cards hahahah #lame
Hisp	Everyones out camping for black Friday and I'm just here in my pajamas loving the amazon deals.
Hisp	it works now Damm I returned it . I'll pick it up on sale lol was able to snag assassin for 45 on amazon in exchange
Hisp	bye some off amazon and like 3 days later be like \u201cI never got them\u201d
Hisp	Has anyone ever ordered from amazon? &amp; is it safe are the things all real &amp; legit! Help!!!
Hisp	"I'm upset with Google Music, it's more out of control than my itunes at this point. Maybe I'll use amazon, at least they have an app"
Hisp	I just got all 3 of your cards today that I order from amazon I order them went I was at Vegas
Hisp	gonna buy a new iPod charger on amazon tomorrow !!
Hisp	what do you put in ? -.- I'm always on amazon &amp; can't find anything!
Hisp	Floor nigga. Or go sleep in the amazon room. \ud83d\ude02
White	that is glorious. Now I don't have to get amazon prime!
White	Also anyone have an amazon prime I can use for free next day shipping? I have a gift card
White	amazon s3 is by far the cheapest storage option I've found. The catch is that it's not super easy.
White	upload speeds to amazon are pretty amazing too so it doesn't take forever
White	I know there's one on amazon but I got this one before I could order that one! I think it's a hard case
White	I just found out the phone case I ordered on amazon doesn't come in till the 31st. Are you joking with me. Because this sounds like a joke
White	op I just ordered a sketchy one for 10 bucks on amazon but if it doesn't workout I'll let ya know! \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d thanks though!!
White	Now I got spongebob mugs and a $25 amazon gift card holla
White	All me &amp; my mom want to do is rent pitch perfect from amazon but its been really unsuccessful so far. #salty
White	One touch buy option from amazon is gonna clean out my checking account! #sufferingaddict
White	That rig on amazon minus chainsaw about $900. Theres a few cheap versions without the track for $200 or so.
White	Got my new phone case in from amazon and to my surprise it glows in the dark! #awesome
White	"Uhhhh just got an email that the comparative politics book I ordered is apparently lost...cool amazon, cool"
White	just bought the last season on amazon for 30 dollars \ud83d\ude3b
White	"ordered from amazon, it's padded inside. Around $120 with shipping."
White	I don't have enough mulaa... And I just ordered one on amazon. Got that free two day ship... Means It'll get here in 5 days
White	Just because I have the vocabulary of a well educated sailor doesn't mean Im not a lady\u201d ok amazon
White	I cannot wait to visit the amazon this September \ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01
White	"I need to move to the amazon idk but jaguars, jungles and malaria seem fun"
White	so do I! Lol im not kidding as soon as I woke up I went on amazon and ordered my son some headphones smh
White	Waiting to go slave at amazon. Just holding my breath until thursday. :) #shhh!
White	Just bought a makeup brush kit on amazon for 1.39. Hell yeah!
White	"yep! That's the one! I saw it on amazon earlier today, free overnight shipping."
White	"Dear #tech companies. Dnla, amazon apps. Aggregate video servers. Come on!!! It's so easy to be cool but you work to be weak."
White	My one book for school is a penny on amazon and fifteen dollars at the bookstore. #conspiracy
White	which one I preordered sky fall on Blu ray and DVD on amazon
White	ok I am looking on amazon to send you the DVD on Jeff Durham so you can laugh we you have a back day
White	yes! I've had two of them from Speck and love them. bought them on amazon.
White	you can get a kit on amazon for $25! You have to do it yourself but it works
White	if a dude calls you amazon ... what do you think he means?