AA	Beyonce flow right now :microphone: :headphone: :musical_score: \nThat's always though . #teamBey.
AA	Beyonce Is Not Singing Anymore ... &amp; Y'all Still Talkin' 'Bout Her -__-
AA	*skKeeeeer* wait Hol'up ummmm please don't think that Beyonce is the new Whitney... cuz she aint! #message
AA	I wonder what song/songs Beyonce will be lip singing at the Super Bowl
AA	Whitney Houston woulda super bent this song !!! Bt shoutout to Beyonce though !!
AA	I wish everybody get off Beyonce dick stop like y'all don't know she can sing #thanks #Managment:face_with_steam_from_nose:
AA	Lik a big bitty black diva like Beyonce like Trina
AA	I think Beyonce could've done better so not feeling her performance.
AA	Wow Beyonce! Unbelievable! Too great of a singer to fake it but I get it LOL
AA	"Beyonce my wife, Gabrielle union my baby, Zoe Saldana my mistress, Janelle monae is who I go to wen they act up"
AA	Yall need to get off of Beyonce nuts.. Actin' like she the first celeb to ever lip sync!
AA	And by that I mean where am I eating wings drinking and Watching the Beyonce performance...
AA	Ritz crackers are mad lightskin now. Beyonce probably got something to do with it. Lol
AA	Beyonce or Tahiry ?” WTF BEY' -- u can't compare that lil bitch to bey at all
AA	Kim &amp; Kanye Baby Vs. Beyonce &amp; Jay-Z Baby !
AA	Is Beyonce actually gonna let them other 2 women sing on this album?” lmfaooo
AA	Me nd ma thug gone be like Bonnie&amp;Clyde ima be his ride or die his fucking Beyonce to Jay Z
AA	I'm gone watch the Super Bowl just so I can see Beyonce !
AA	"Beyonce. On GQ naked last week, singing at the Inauguration this week"
AA	Is it just me or did Beyonce sound like some ish on this New Year's Eve show. #Snoozer
AA	Ok I know I'm gonna get stoned for this but I just heard Beyonce star spangled banner and it was actually average to me ...
AA	I like Michelle's hair better with bangs. She looked nice. And Beyonce was flawless. As usual.
AA	did she (Kenya) just say Everyday people thinks shes Beyonce sumbody get her meds #sheforgotagain
AA	What's the deal: Alicia Keys sing the National Anthem and Beyonce soon the half time show. My tv will be on mute
AA	The same hoes talkin shit bout Beyonce was the same ones that was on that Barbie swag when Nicki got hot.... FOH man lol
AA	If Beyonce does this good Morehouse Star Spangled Banner transition into Lift Every Voice and sing!
AA	I wonder what done Beyonce gone sing?? Did she sing yet??
AA	How dare Kenya ever compare herself to Beyonce”----exactly! Child plzzzz:thumbs_down:
AA	I Would Pick Beyonce Over Any Girl . Even My Mother
AA	Most marriages go sour due to money problems. Jay-Z dont have no issues on Money with Beyonce. Ladies take note lol
Hisp	as bold as Kenya thinking she looks like Beyonce!!!! Lol....
Hisp	u are the greatest Beyonce do a Texas shout out
Hisp	"The first was being born as someone who would not grow up to be Batman, Beyonce, or Kobe."
Hisp	Beyonce didn't bring it like I know she can...she kept it too pretty. She should have went Dream Girls up there #Inaug2013
Hisp	Forever gonna be obsessed over Mariah Carey &amp; Beyonce lol
Hisp	I was about to ask Isaiah why he's looking at a picture of Beyonce but I guess that's a pretty dumb question
Hisp	"I'm guessing my phone is in the mood for some Beyonce, back to back!"
Hisp	"Most girls dream to look like Beyonce or Rihanna, I want to look like Disney's Pocahontas :D"
Hisp	Has Beyonce low key empowered hip hop again on another level...gave it credibility in mainstream?????
Hisp	lmao well girls love Beyonce.. So I just figured lol
Hisp	All these women at the Metball looks Gorge ..and Beyonce's outfit is fluke compared to theirs.
Hisp	Beyonce be getting me in the mood to dance lmao :woman_dancing:
Hisp	Now time to play girls love Beyonce Now before I crash!&lt;3
Hisp	Okay Beyonce we get out your the Queen... Can you release some new music already?
Hisp	My top Beyonce song would have to be End of Time :grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes: how bout you guys?
Hisp	I Just Entered #SummerBySony So I Could Win Beyonce Tickets:)
Hisp	"Wow Beyonce's song diva just came on, i love it so much"
Hisp	If Jay-Z cheat on Beyonce no guy will ever feel the need to be faithful in a relationship ever again.
Hisp	"Girls love Beyonce, girls love to fuck with your conscience."
Hisp	I hate when one person goes threw and likes all your pics :raised_hand: :raised_hand: :raised_hand: :raised_hand: stop blowing up my INSTA notifications are you Beyonce or Les Twins no!
Hisp	If you like it then you shoulda put a ring on ittttt #Beyonce
Hisp	Ugh why justin bieber? Why couldnt it have been Beyonce and Jay-Z ugh fucking lame. Hate mayweather ..
Hisp	Ugh why justin bieber? Why couldnt it have been Beyonce and Jay-Z ugh fucking lame. Hate mayweather ..
Hisp	I can't listen to Beyonce without wanting to sing and dance for everyone around:speak-no-evil_monkey:
Hisp	; Dang it lol well ima try &amp; sleep goodnight  Beyonce :OK_hand:
Hisp	Back in the day I got a lot of compliments when I had highlights ;) \nBut idk cause I'm really feeling Beyonce's hair tone
Hisp	A girl doesn't need a body if she has a pretty face. Just look at Ariana Grande she doesn't have no Beyonce body but her face is just wow.
Hisp	"Look, if you still don't understand... Let me put it to you this way... \n\nBeyonce could wake me up from a nap and I would still be pissed."
Hisp	The fact that Beyonce performed in the rain. Ugh... I can't even. Queen.
Hisp	Guy or girl basically everyone wishes they were Beyonce :face_with_tears_of_joy: :people_with_bunny_ears: #atb
White	Shut up about Beyonce already... try using whatever brain cells you have for something more productive.
White	I really like Beyonce. But give the national anthem to someone who doesn't choose to use a vocal track at the last minute.
White	Jay Z and Beyonce are the new it couple hands down!
White	Beyonce is 31 she can run for prez in 4 years
White	I.AM.BEAT. But I saw Beyonce and that was everything! #Inaug2013
White	Chickie and Pete's is going in with the Beyonce tonight !!!!!
White	Beyonce shouldn't have to open a press conference by singing the national anthem just to prove she sang it on the recording.
White	some serious Beyonce  sing along going on right now #listen :microphone: :musical_notes: :musical_notes: :woman_dancing: :woman_dancing:
White	Glad to see the most powerful couple in the country is there.... Clearly Beyonce and Jay-Z.
White	Has anyone seen the February GQ cover with Beyonce? DAMN
White	Beyonce is trying to remake one in a million? Bitch....
White	Beyonce's national anthem was damn good... But Kelly killed it.
White	Thank you Beyonce for actually SINGING the National Anthem and not trying to make it a radio hit. Sounded great! #inauguration2013 #Respect
White	Alicia Keys and Beyonce are role models for a lot of girls in this world
White	I mean I'm just gonna watch the Super Bowl because Beyonce is hot so
White	"Prince says he wants you to get in this clam shell, Obama. \n--Beyonce"
White	Very weepy on this Inauguration Day. Kelly and Beyonce killed it. Stonewall and climate change references. It's a new dawn kiddies.
White	Why the fuck do we care about Beyonce? People be getting shot and a kid is hostage in a fucking bunker. Come on news.
White	Watching the video of the inauguration and loling at how blatantly obvious it is that Beyonce is lip-syncing. I can't even watch it. Too awk
White	I always cry at the National Anthem.  Beyonce did a great job!
White	So Beyonce lip synched the national anthem. Niggers be frontin.
White	Ask me if I'm stoked for the HBO Beyonce documentary. (the answer is very yes)
White	Can't fucking wait for this Beyonce documentary to come out on HBO. February 16th can't come soon enough.
White	I could be in the worst mood and hear love on top by Beyonce and be like :grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes: :grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes: :grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes: :grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes:
White	I still don't understand why people hate on Beyonce...someone please remind me
White	Can't WAIT to watch the HBO  documentary on Beyonce!!! :) #eek
White	Im a bigger fan of Beyonce' than I thought. Upgrade U still goes...
White	Destiny's Child releasing new music? Beyonce must need a babysitter while on tour. Who makes a better nanny Kelly or Michelle?
White	"I don't care if Beyonce lip sang, I love her !! Hell I don't care if jay-z did it, it sounded beautiful!!"
White	Me and karla are havin an argument over who's hotter. I said Megan good and Beyonce. She said Halle berry and Paula Patton. #iwin