AA	I die laughing everytime at the end of sherane a.k.a Master Splinters daughter...yo ppl from Chicago?
AA	530 black kids have been killed in Chicago since 2008 from gun violence....Nothing happens... 26 white kids get killed in school.. GUN BAN
AA	Lil bro need a hair cut ASAP!\u201d14642 w Chicago between Hubble and greenfield 313-926-9574
AA	my shop 14642 w Chicago between Hubble &amp; greenfield.. 313-926-9574.. Check me out this week bro! I'm sick with it!!
AA	i dig it man. Yea i'm here til may then I move. where you at? Chicago?
AA	Went to a bar last night get in there hoes on the pool table ass hole naked dancing only in Chicago lol them bitches was ratchet
AA	"Is it possible those restrictive laws in Chicago are not being properly enforced, as Wayne LaPierre said? I'm not anti-gun,btw."
AA	I need to shut up cause its cold as FUCK in Chicago right now
AA	I can't even focus on Chicago Fire bc I'm tuned into twitter right now lol
AA	How u gone force me to go to Atlanta that's dead. I'm staying dt Chicago.
AA	Welcome 2 Chicago Coach Treshmen Hopefully you can make this bears offense Elite!
AA	"I mean i'm from Chicago. I'll cheer for the Bears, but i a bigger 49ers fan"
AA	"Chicagos got the BEST pizza , Hands down they better then pizza HUT"
AA	Its been time to leave #Chicago TBH there's nonthing good to say about it
AA	Only Bitch I'm Rocking With Is Paula From Chicago #BGC
AA	Gotta call da homie and let em know whts happenin K.O.D. Chicago Saturday nite after I chill wit my lil ones #DJandDEEDEE
AA	truuu we tryna find sum to do too.. I dnt wanna b n Chicago if ain't nobody here
AA	so I'm at this juke joint and they played the song when Darius and Nina were Chicago stepping. #lovejones
AA	I ain't no Chris Brown fan I do like that #BlackPyramid shit tho.... where can I get some in Chicago
AA	I need ta get in touch wit my Chicago boo
AA	Give me a camara and a producer and I will walk those streets of Chicago. Someone needs to bring light to this tragedy.
AA	Its another beautiful winter day in the city of Chicago. I thank God its a little warmer today. Plus myself and others who can see today.
AA	Running my ex all over Chicago ..Damn i can't get rid of none of they ass
AA	Is this new wave of Chicago Rap gonna be like the Hyphy movement?
AA	I just don't like outta towners talking about Chicago Violence...
AA	Mmmmm Chicago women &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; attitude and body to match :-D
AA	This man told me I don't sound like I'm from Chicago cuz I'm slick country \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02 been in the south too long
AA	this nigga Chicago can't be hittin on shiiiiit! babygirl got the OD str8 face \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02
AA	that's just like Obama's house in Chicago. 4 blocks over is the hood smh
AA	When diddy moved to Chicago &amp; he never got on twitter I was scared as fuck I thought he got murdered smh
Hisp	Thank you. She was all over the news in Chicago. I feel so bad.
Hisp	nigga you need to come back a Facebook .\nOh yeah dude are you going to Edc in Chicago ?:D
Hisp	EDC would come to Chicago a year after i move back to Cali -.-
Hisp	Only been up for 4 hours and it's already dark out. #Chicago
Hisp	"Because I Dont Use My Locker And The Person That Was Using It Moved Back To Chicago , So Its No Need For Me To Go Down Stairs ."
Hisp	Oh yeaaa Chicago bulls beat the Miami heat fuk u heat :D !!! &lt;33 best day ever
Hisp	"Last week on Chicago, TSA win. Today in San Diego, TSA FAIL. I can't describe my frustration in &lt;140 without using bad, bad words."
Hisp	OK we finally getting Chicago weather in. Chicago its 18 degrees outside and windy as fck
Hisp	My sisters stay talking about my aunt from Chicago c': LMAO
Hisp	So last night a guy who was from Chicago came up to me and my friends and told me I was the finest girl he's seen in this city. Lol:)
Hisp	Why can't half these people on Twitter live in Chicago
Hisp	You girls have a safe flight.! See you in Chicago (:
Hisp	I think I might have to do some Marketing in Chicago... after all it is what I do in real life...
Hisp	because Chicago made the cuts! 50 schools closed are teachers pissed.. Yes... Was it necessary? Yes
Hisp	yeah in his car like on Chicago &amp; then he just took off
Hisp	you in a mob family? Have you met my grandpa? lol!!! yeah I didn't like the Chicago one either.
Hisp	I really can't wait to go to Chicago this summer.
Hisp	Omg ! Your Song Careless Whispers Just Came On The Radio !\ud83d\ude0a #ChicagoRadio Im Jamming To It !
Hisp	what a great choice! If I was in Chicago that's exactly where I would be
Hisp	"Really, Gangnm Style is the song you have playing.. Why not something better #CmonChicago lol"
Hisp	"is really convincing me to go to Chicago with her. sounds scary, but wow it would just be amazing!"
Hisp	Chicago y'all got me scared y'all killing babies now?? Come on son!!
Hisp	"After my quince my mother wants us to move to Chicago, &amp; I wouldn't mind ."
Hisp	Its supposed to be Spring? Its freakin' freezing outside ugh #Chicagoweather
Hisp	"as an Iowa native, I totally get it (even if I'm now a happy transplant to the much-less-affordable Chicago)."
Hisp	Ohh well itss Chicago you never know how it'll be like cx
Hisp	okay ima have to take some notes down lol\u263a you are so right but the thing is since I'm not well acquainted with Chicago yet
Hisp	Let me play center for Chicago next game. I bet I put in OD work!
Hisp	"I'm not sure about Chicago, I don't really want to go but I want to give it a try\ud83d\ude0f"
Hisp	"Great family bonding today! Dinner at Chicago's, and Bob-Os after :)"
White	The Wild are playing very solid tonight vs Chicago #mnwild #RivalryNight
White	"The Sheraton has the biggest ballroom in Chicago, and NMFN completely packed the place for #CentralRegional"
White	"ey dog got your message, in Chicago this weekend, sorry bruv"
White	I was just randomly driving through the Old Chicago parking lot when a coworker flagged me down I swear....
White	"Your secret is safe with us. ;-) BTW, love the background header. Chicago is pretty cool. :-)"
White	4 degrees in Chicago and -4 degrees in St. Paul where I'm headed #awesome
White	"So nerve racking/ exciting to not know where I'll be living less than a year from now...Chicago, Florida, or Arizona?!?"
White	nothing makes me happier than seeing the bulls win \ud83d\udc03\u2764\ud83c\udfc0 #ChicagoBasketball #Bullieve
White	If you see on the news something about the Chicago Kitchen Clown Bandits then it will be referring me my friend Eten and I.
White	"don't talk shot about Chicago, or those big shoulders will plow right into your little Boston ass."
White	The moment I realize Chicago Fire isnt on for a couple weeks waah!
White	Any idea when the 415pm bus from Chicago to Cleveland will arrive at Union Station? We're freezing out here!
White	gotta new twig this weekend @ Chicago. gunna snipe tenders erry game now \ud83d\ude02
White	Turns out not all White Castles are the same. Why do you push me away Chicago?!
White	Im Have Chosen 2 Go 2 The Chicago Vs Dallas HawksVsStars
White	Thanks Man I glad I won and I'm Choosing to Go To the Chicago Vs Dallas Game This Thursday
White	On the #Megabus from Nashville to Chicago! Gonna go play with penguins at the aquarium. #HOLLA
White	Wind chills below zero last night in #Chicago. Back home to sunny and 55 in #Nashville. Love where I live!
White	"Pinch me, is this a dream? We have to cram in as many Chicago sites as we can in the bit of time we have here."
White	Oh yeah..I'm good. Hangin up here in Chicago today. :)
White	Chicago radio said they wanted to keep him. He wanted to go.
White	Such a wonderful break with family and friends feel so lucky and blessed... Back to Chicago!
White	Just picking up my pizza at Chicago's cause you know one of my goals for this year is to be fat lollol
White	Gold all in my chains! This is my song. Really wish I wasn't leaving tomorrow. Guess I gotta continue this when I get to Chicago. #2013
White	I swear it just rains or snows in #Chicago and nobody can't drive.
White	and I are looking for some fun things to do in Chicago tomorrow. Any suggestions?!
White	NOW I know what the flight delay is all about. Thank you for your colorful words and cold hard facts Chicago-citizen! #OhReallyNow?
White	Michael Jordan may prefer Phil Jackson as new head coach in Chicago #marykaysources #ChrisBroussardSources
White	? I'm jealous. It's about 20 in Chicago. At least this mall I'm in is warm. Suit shopping. Not for me :(
White	"thanks, guys. Now, let the weather gods bless me and my Chicago to LEX leg be quick and painless."