AA	These bitches trying to talk shit but on facebook in twitter in me in rikia clothes
AA	U tlk abt ppl n my family yet u addin them on facebook....thts tht #fugazee ass shit
AA	My mom swear her facebook be popping she hardly gets on that thing
AA	Name gotta go... But yo black ass liking all my facebook pics lmao fake ass niggas that claim they go hard!
AA	"*Me going through my facebook, instagram and twitter TLs right now* You flexing and you flexing and YOU, you DEFINITELY flexing, and you..."
AA	My daddy gne inbox me talkin bout stop cursin on facebook
AA	It's pretty scary that before facebook... All these thoughts and stuff just stayed in peoples heads.
AA	Christmas! dude thats why we have facebook and twitter! :)
AA	ikr I was looking thee ma facebook I'm like WTF I was a fuking lamee
AA	I jus seen da weakest twerk video ever on facebook and it went fa 77 likes smh
AA	I be from twitter to instagram to facebook dam Im bored
AA	facebook rolls in its grave everytime it hit 12:00 am .
AA	I PROMISE I see someone going off on facebook at least once a day....#NeverFails
AA	"Did a truth is status on facebook, cause I can ."
AA	Thought I was m.i.a.. But facebook location fucked tht plan up! #ifuckedup
AA	this new dislike button on facebook gone cause some shit lol
AA	my uncle just wrote on facebook choose your baby mama wisely. LMAO\u201d // thats true shit...
AA	One thing I hate is a Bitch and yess I said bitch who take pics on facebook of her titties and shit and get mad if a nigga try 2 fuck her
AA	My uncle is on facebook making these crazy ass status's looking for his baby mama that has his son. #Crazy lol
AA	that picture of him on my cover on facebook is ugly.\u201d
AA	On facebook like dat vitch twitter hell yea fuckin yeaa FUCKKK YOUU TWITTER !!!
AA	"I'm not a facebook status , you don't have to like me."
AA	I done got n trouble on facebook already today smh
AA	Yeah bitch gtfo Twitter and go on facebook bitch and SNEAK DISS WITH YOUR GAY ASS .
AA	like i seriously will take facebook over twitter IG overALL
AA	She said she a virgin but she suck dick she gone change her facebook name to V-Neck real tears lmao
AA	Dis shit turning into facebook I Sware lol...still laughing doe cuz dey said I was a basic nigga lol
AA	facebooking me wit bullshxt &amp; dats how it happen to ya!!!!
AA	\nLook idek ask mama If she can find that out on facebook to Lmatfo
AA	"I'm sayin niggas know my twitter name, facebook name, and phone number. If anything confront me and not my lil brahhs onna hood. #NCC"
Hisp	i never go on facebook but when i do ALL i see if your statuses
Hisp	I just saw a girl have sex with a dog and she sucked on his dogs penis ._. #facebook
Hisp	lol okay cx ill try to get him on tape cx... . Im only able to paste it on facebook though...
Hisp	ugh no I'm like seriously grossed out! D: ima delete my facebook :p
Hisp	"he has myspace, facebook, instagram, tagged, and eharmony but refuses twitter."
Hisp	"S/O to all the psycho girls that stalk your every move on i.g,twitter,and facebook!"
Hisp	idk this will bothers u but like the posted a pic of u on facebook idk if u care
Hisp	Ive noticed that facebook makes you hate people you actually know. Twitter makes you love people you've never met
Hisp	Igot on facebook &amp;this kid ims me saying im cute &amp;&amp;ireply like iknow !
Hisp	"please unblock me on facebook i dont know what i said ro deserve that Dx but everytime i wanna like something im like \blocked..."""
Hisp	people like you dont need twitter you need facebook how sad
Hisp	I get on facebook &amp; my mom put up pictures of me sleeping lmfao -.-
Hisp	\nBecause he doesn't have anything of me in his facebook as you can see. :(
Hisp	Well I hope you have a facebook account please add me because I really miss you and I want a better year !
Hisp	I think I'ma make a new facebook acct &amp; only add the people that I know.
Hisp	Still nomore facebook {': when I said im not gonna have it I MENT IT ~
Hisp	"People be trying to make twitter like facebook, no bitches die!"
Hisp	"People on facebook are so stupid and pathetic, fucking animals for facebook fame? That Shit ain't taking you nowhere."
Hisp	"Dear girls losing their virginities , \n\nIf your age is on that clock you're too young for that cock. \ud83d\ude02 #lmao #sawonfacebook"
Hisp	facebook messy im not a big fan anymore people use that shit as a diary
Hisp	' im playing i do not GB (; .. facebook got boring af so i got off.
Hisp	Ill never understand why one must post condolences of someone thats passed away in facebook?? Helllo thats what a phones for ! Use it!
Hisp	im about to #catfish this broad on my facebook! haha
Hisp	Really u can be on facebook but not answer a simple txt!? Wow just wow
Hisp	"Who the hell has time for fake facebooks, twitter or instagram? Crazy ass people \ud83d\ude20"
Hisp	He sayed he will kill every friend of yours on facebook x'DD
Hisp	Talked to this girl on facebook for a few mins and SHES MY TYPE LOL she said i looked cute even wen i rrally looked ugly
Hisp	if i die and people post statuses about me on facebook and act like they knew me or were nice to me i will come back and fucking murder them
Hisp	a not quna let facebook fuck this up.for me again ! #TeamTaken
Hisp	"hello my friend. I'm always facebook, a tweet or text message away."
White	"Good advice about apps. People overlook that a lot, especially on facebook"
White	for being a douche bag and I deserve every beautiful picture i'm tagged in on facebook
White	That one kid on facebook that gets his statuses from twitter..
White	Andrew McGuiness hating on 1D on facebook &gt; The McGuiness family might be my favorite family ever.
White	This chick sending me facebook messages tats look like a bunch of markers....
White	I strongly dis-like you if you hash tag on facebook #nottwitter #twitteronly
White	When you write something on facebook and someone steals it and uses it as their own. &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
White	"The girl who stares at me 5 minutes staight in choir, is now also stalking me on facebook. #ahhhh!"
White	When did a twitter favorite become the equivalent of a facebook like?
White	To add my boyfriend as a facebook friend or to not?.. I realize how odd this sounds
White	It's pretty disgusting when you see a status on facebook that reads; what are sober people even supposed to do I'm so bored.
White	Nowadays the only notifications I get on facebook are people poking me... #comeon
White	texting ruins the whole process of dating; so does facebook. i don't accept friend requests or texts from boys. #oldskool
White	When i cry do i put pictures of me crying on facebook? No.
White	"will accept your friend request on facebook, even if he doesn't know you. #kjrumors"
White	Jesus dont care what like in facebook or retweet on twitter
White	My twitter and instagram replaced my facebook toss off facebook :) #sohappy
White	omg. my wife just told me someone found jake on facebook and is bringing him to our house!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\u201d
White	Half of these niggas need to be texting there girls or not messaging me on facebook or dm on twitter asking for my #. What you need it for?
White	just because you message me on facebook and its marked as 'seen' does NOT mean im EVER obligated to message you back. gross.
White	If I had a #facebook I'd annoy y'all there . But I don't. #suckit
White	I remember thinking Myspace was cool and facebook was gay
White	My twitter/facebook adventure went as far as seeing troll in a petshop. You guys were supposed to add to the adventure. You ALL let me down!
White	Awk moment when you go on your moms facebook and you see pics when she at the Club!! -__- hell naww #ratchet
White	"When I'm bored of facebook, I go to twitter, when I'm bored of twitter I go take a new picture for instagram. Then repeat."
White	"if you want to argue with me, do it somewhere else. All of facebook now knows our problems."
White	Haha wtf literally 3 random guys just messaged me on facebook asking if I had a guy. I'm just gonna lie and say yes.
White	he facebook chatted me at 12:30 and 2:30 last night. Did you guys make a the sexy times 3some with him?
White	i made my facebook in like 6th grade so whateverr
White	"haha you don't even like anything of mine, i don't even hardly go on facebook! #twitteriswhereitsat"