AA	I don't even like Kobe BUT Chief Keef song Kobe hitssss ! Lol
AA	Kobe might have the green light to Score 100 tonight
AA	Like Kobe hasn\u2019t pulled the \u201coh lets see whats on the tv\u201d move and popped the tape on for countless heauxs before
AA	#LakeShow whupping ass tonight Kobe Nash and Dwight kicking up #TeamLAKERS
AA	I been a Kobe fan since 96' when he got drafted same thing with the Lakers
AA	2 Chainz got 2 Chainz and Kobe got 5 rings lol
AA	"yeah, &amp; I beat Kobe by 10 points in 1 on 1."
AA	Throw the 4's up is was Kobe SAYIN right nah!
AA	Aye that nigga Cp3 turnup forreal. He said ok kobe come get some... Kobe got it... CP3 Stare him down lol
AA	You still mad Kobe dropped 81 on you?? Stop Dismissing my Lakers
AA	Kobe wat the fuck you doin man dwights back has no hands
AA	But actually both teams shooting like trash... Kobe got 4 points at the half??? Heat better turn it on cause that nigga gonna try 2 wake up
AA	not calling Lakers anymore calling them Kobe &amp; them! They don't deserve the Laker name!!! Smh
AA	Kobe brand condoms. The condom you want for the sex she don't. LMFAO
AA	Kobe BHM 8s.... I will most def have a pair
AA	This semester ima be like Kobe when he scored 80 taking all the shots
AA	Kobe should demand better shoes from Nike\u2026.he got the pooest shoes of any NIKE Bball player
AA	"Kobe Baked Bean Head , Metta World Peace , Dwight Howard Free Throws &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Chris Paul , Blake Griffin , Jamal Crawford"
AA	"Kobe salty as shit \ud83d\ude02\u201d lmao hold up, what's the heat score tonight?"
AA	I Told U Laker Fans Watch And \ud83d\udc40 Kobe Miss The Shot Y'all Gone \ud83d\udc42 To Me
AA	Kobe jus a scorer LeBron does it ALL! Makes everyone around him better and he been killing niggas since his rookie year
AA	Kobe bouta shoot endless shots now all dumbass fade aways
AA	That Nigga Kobe Was Biting His Jersey....Then Fired on Mattie Barnes! #Respect
AA	Kobe was supposed to call him a bitch after some shit like that
AA	"S/O To My Lakers, Kobe Pulled It Off , We Turning Our Season Around , On Nation \u2122 ."
AA	My Lil bro 13 &amp; his favorite song iz Kobe by Chief Keef lol. He be dancing &amp; errythang
AA	stop being messy dont b retweeted nthn with Kobe name in it lol...
AA	Kobe with a big finish but not enough to win! Lol. #SorryLakerFans
AA	Shid wat u think bron gon b Kobe can't take losing any longer
AA	It don't matter if you don't like the Lakers you gotta respect Kobe bruh.. That nigga a dog
Hisp	Kobe wanted to smile after he made that shot lol
Hisp	ain't nobody got time for that !!! Hi Kobe :)
Hisp	Kobe and lakers are trending again and they didn't even play tonight lol
Hisp	Isaiah is determined to change his name to Kobe Jones. Ask me why? I have no idea. Lol :)
Hisp	Kobe is the only one that does work on that team anyway
Hisp	Kobe just posted that pic to shit on all of our lives :(
Hisp	Kobe my nigga I hate it had to be him
Hisp	"The sick thing is when Kobe was messin w his now wife, she was in high school..what could a regular high school nigga say to her?"
Hisp	Mom: you're so ghetto when the lakers play \nMe: mom I'm going to get a tattoo on my forehead saying Kobe okay \nMom: estas loca \nLol \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\udc4f
Hisp	I wanna see Lebron guard Dwight and Kobe and lock them up!
Hisp	sucks Kobe was in front of him and he stop so relax
Hisp	Kobe should have just created his own shot like he always does.
Hisp	He doesn't play defense and he complains as much as Kobe lol
Hisp	Easy to coach the Lakers get ball to Pau in the post one possession next possession pick n roll Nash n Howard next ISO for Kobe then repeat
Hisp	the Lakers need another scorer who can score between 12-20 points every game that Will take some of that weight off Kobe shoulder's also
Hisp	- if Kobe was with the squad that we have in San Antonio; Kobe and Duncan would both get another ring.
Hisp	- there yall go trying to fill my shoes like Kobe and Lebron trying to fill MJ's shoes
Hisp	Kobe you are amazing! You will always be the best player of all time to me!
Hisp	I wonder how many shot attempts has Kobe taken so far in the season cuz seems like he takes one everyone other possesion #wondering
Hisp	"We talk a lot of shit, Kobe passes a way lot more then we give him credit for."
Hisp	Jay-Z crackin a joke with Kobe Bryant after Lakers win. Yall bitches wouldnt be laughing if okc whooped yalls asses
Hisp	Kobe just bumped into CP3 cause he made it at the buzzered
Hisp	small guard in the Laker bench he can back up Kobe if anything my kings are crazy! it ain't gona happen
Hisp	"Looks like when kobe passes, they have success. Kobe passing? :p"
Hisp	You would think by now everyone would know Kobe gives a head fake first LOL #MambaTweets
Hisp	wtf you crazy dude better stats than Kobe not scoring but all around watch lbj 4 mvp
Hisp	when are u gonna wear the black history month Kobe 8's???
Hisp	My brother said that Kobe would break mjs records. Lebron would break Kobe's and that Durant would break all theirs :)
Hisp	"oh yeah. Too many dimensions to his game. Just wondering how he will adjust. I'm guessing more post action, like Kobe and mj"
Hisp	is on his way to come get balled up! Dude is not ready for all of this! I'm straight up going Kobe on his ass! Haha sorry babe\ud83d\ude18
White	"KD is officially an NBA superstar according to the referees, getting the Lebron and Kobe calls now"
White	"okay, so him and Kobe wouldn't be considered the same era then?"
White	Kobe is the 2nd most assassin like scorer ever. Behind Jordan. KD still has a ways to go.
White	Kobe needs to go on a Scoring binge in the 2nd half.
White	it's funny how offensive guys get over lebron \ud83d\ude1c but still I'm a Kobe girl! Haha
White	Kobe still putting great number up but they need more out of pau n Dwight
White	Watching #Kobe get the #Lakers back on a winning track
White	Hi Andy do you think Kobe has the stamina to play defense for a lot of minutes. Who is going to guard tonight? #Lakeshow
White	It doesn't take the average person ( #Thinkonit ) to understand Kobe cannot pass MJ as the greatest to ever play.
White	bet I can get a tweet from Kobe before you
White	When Kobe decides to score there is no stopping him!
White	Kobe checking in with 9min. Left. In need of a run
White	"not just last second, but you can't sit here and tell me that Lebron steps up under pressure like\nKobe or Jordan. No way."
White	"To clarify, Lebron is a BEAST. No doubt a legend. But no one beats Kobe but Jordan. And that's a fact."
White	"\nSorry Mike, it's time for Kobe to move on or retire."
White	Kobe had 14 assist guess the Mayans were right the world has ended #blackmamba the ball constrictor
White	Kobe needs to keep doing what he's doing to win
White	are simply amazing.. Great win. Kobe gonna get his 6th ring #CountOnKobe
White	hahahaha just cuz my boys Nash and Kobe are gettin a ring. Go find somethin productive to do fuck head
White	"1996 brought us Kobe Bryant, Derek Jeter, Ray Lewis and Tiger Woods. Four of the best to ever do it."
White	I'm not a basketball enthusiast but I think this is how Kobe Bryant was meant to play basketball
White	Kobe Bryant looking for a triple double? Suprised he has enough assists for that
White	go look at the statistics of how many games Kobe wins in his career when he shoots as many shots as he has been lately.
White	And this is why CP3 and Kobe is the best in their respective position.
White	You heard the song Kobe by chief keef? If u love mr mamba like I do you'll enjoy this track. #ballinsohard
White	Kobe has more ice than a cooler full of beer and all the Lebron fans just wishin he would stop! Lakers &amp; Rings=Peas &amp; Carrots
White	"you sound line you've been preparing that. And dog... Is that racist?! And no, Kobe got MVP and scored 81 points at 29 while 1/2"
White	"that's such an irrelevant hash tag, that annoys me so much. And LeBron is really good, but I still think Kobe is better."
White	"Kobe LeBron and Durant in my opinion, but they're all really good."
White	I just hate everything about them. Nash will be a sun forever so that doesn't matter haha and Kobe can go fuck himself