AA	Looks like I'm watching the sugar bowl game cz its halftime for the NBA
AA	"he has a higher ceiling than granger but gotta hold off on calling him better, PG has never been top 5 in NBA in scoring"
AA	"And the #Lakers get back in the game by slowing it down, grinding on 'D', and going at the basket. Who knew? 0_0 #NBA"
AA	Rob Hall their are truly more lakers haters then Miami haters..  lakers are most hated basketball team in NBA
AA	NBA players got all dat money but swagg be weak AF
AA	Lol fuck the NBA! Don't none of them nigga's try forreal.
AA	"t wro had awesome game, anybody says not is crazy, 1st real time in NBA"
AA	Whole time Real Fans know no games matter until after the all-star weekend. Where most teams make there playoff drives. #NBA
AA	Don't care with anybody say cause I know and the haters know that I'm going to dribble on that NBA floor
AA	Dallas just picked my playa at the NBA Draft. I ain't wanna play for they weak ass!” Chill out lol
AA	I wish I was in the grad class with lebron he didn't worry bout  no college he went str8 to the NBA I want to do the smell thing
AA	NBATV shittin on u niggas.lol. Melo and Monroe doing work doe.
AA	Aha best team in the NBA they by far better then your Celtics y'all lost last night btw to the grizzlies
AA	Jodi Meeks got that NBA live create a player facece
AA	The Black Mamba 81 point showcase in showing now on NBATV !!
AA	"is 18 points away from 20,000 in his career.. He'll be the youngest player in NBA history to do so."
AA	I tried out as a point guard for the #TallahasseeManatees. A young nigga finna be making money!\r#NBA
AA	NBA basketball n packing for the rest of my night
AA	ran down on tht nigga Garnett Now That's How You Handle Them NBA Tough Guys!! #KnicksTape
AA	Up watching NBA TV... This nigga Isaih is boring as hell. He need to stick to coaching or being a GM or some shit...
AA	Lakers??? Is that even a NBA team? I thought they were D-League.....
AA	I hate NBA cares commercials them niggas get paid to make em
AA	"Knicks Playing Right Now ?”yea on NBA TV, they PLAYN n London” Oh Aite Thanks"
AA	Miami comin out the east &amp; Clippers comin out the west #NBA #FinalsPrediction
AA	I'm like a NBA coach cause I got shooter n my house
AA	Lebron is still the best player in the NBA. Put your mouth on it.”--:hundred_points: :hundred_points:
AA	These NBA Analyst especially Magic Johnson make me sick. They change their opinions like Chicago weather.
AA	No point guard in the NBA can hold Russell Westbrook
AA	I've sucked when it comes to this yr NBA Season smh but don't get it twisted it ain't nothing but #TeamHeat this way!!!
AA	the Miami Heat beat every team in the NBA this season at least 1 time
Hisp	Do not tell me I got bored of NBA 2K13? __ #TheChangeIsReal
Hisp	"Netflix flow, damn i want 2 play #NBA2k13 rite now"
Hisp	"I know I'm in the minority, but I love the NBA on Sundays way more than football” noooooooooo"
Hisp	ima smack some one on NBA at halftime dirk Nowitski is unstoppable
Hisp	"Free NBA League Pass Preview till tomorrow, Dam I'm sure I'm staying in this Saturday night! #BeingLazy"
Hisp	"fill me in fellas. Good defense all of a sudden? hate blackouts, have NBA League and can't C a Lakers game"
Hisp	Well When Your In The NBA I'm NOT Voting For YOU !
Hisp	COOL CP3 NBA COMMERCIAL! EVEM IF YOU AINT A BBALL FAN!
Hisp	I'm thinking I'll be going to a playoff game this year just like last year. #NBA
Hisp	"The Fan Fictions and Imagines other Beliebers come up with , OMFG I LOVE THIS FANBASE !"
Hisp	saying he sucks when you know he is one of the greatest to ever play in NBA ? \nMakes no sense
Hisp	"LOL. Damn. Any subliminal pics I post on IG will now be hash tagged #HNBAF. Thanks Sauce, good lookin' out!"
Hisp	Now is when everyone brings out their NBA all star out of them
Hisp	Watching and NBA game live &gt; Watching the play by play on an iPhone.
Hisp	As I sit here lowkey buzzed playing NBA 2k13 thinking I'm actually in the tv screen
Hisp	"Bitch I'm ballin, bitch I'm ballin.. NBA! never broke again"
Hisp	I dnt really have a favorite team in the #NBA
Hisp	Still can't believe Juan beat Jesus and me at NBA and Naruto
Hisp	Just fast forward to the trophy presentation and the sucking off of LeBron by your company.  NBA is garbage
Hisp	Remember when they the NBA play-offs were boring and disappointing-not so much anymore #nbafantastic
Hisp	The Heat get every call to go their way...the NBA should be ashamed of this BS
Hisp	I love explaining the NBA to my mom &amp; telling her which players are good &amp; stuff like that.
Hisp	"Tim Duncan is always on my make believe NBA teams cause he's my favorite PF,"
Hisp	NBA league pass is messed up. The league is not tied 1-1! Heat lead by 2-1!
Hisp	When girls actually know what they're talking about the NBA&gt;&gt;&gt;
Hisp	NBA FINALS\nPACERS VS GRIZZLIES\n\nBest Defensive teams in the NBA. That would be one for the ages
Hisp	George Hill is the person I hate the most in the NBA. Fuck George hill!! Lol
Hisp	Spurs never disappoint. Easily the finest franchise the NBA has.” Well said brother!
Hisp	NBA reffs.. Responsible for half of Miami heats points since 2010. -.-t #refsforMVP
Hisp	Paul George brought out his inner kobe for those FREETHROWS!\nNew SuperStar In the NBA.
White	Bucks vs Sixers. This is why I love NBA TV. #FanNight
White	"I don't disagree with the point that you are making but watch out what you imply. NFL, NBA, and NHL were lockouts by owners."
White	Diandre doesn't understand there isn't really parity in NBA.  East is awful besides the top 5. West is actually good 1-8.
White	to comeback and do commentary on some Joker episodes? #FATMANONBATMAN
White	ESPN NBA - C Greg Oden decides to resume playing career but not before 2013-14 season; Heat to pursue him - sources
White	"KD is officially an NBA superstar according to the referees, getting the Lebron and Kobe calls now"
White	I don't see how zac efron didn't make it to the NBA..
White	"Tonight was hell at work. Why are people soooo crazy at a 5th grade game. It's not the NBA playoffs, your son isn't Lebron #chill"
White	"it's the culture of the NBA. He's got 10 mil, why play in pain?"
White	There's a difference btw NBA ready talent &amp; NBA prospects. UK has a ton of prospects this yr. Seeing the difference this yr
White	Is it possible that boozer is the worst player in the NBA? #GETOUT
White	yea he does when he was in Denver he got in trouble a lot and everyone in the NBA knows how KG is he wants to get in your head
White	"If this was an NBA game, Michael Carrera would be walking away from it with a $100,000 fine. #flopcity"
White	NBA rule change I'm shocked has never happened: An assist if the player you passed to makes both free throws.
White	"Does every Duke player in the NBA hate Tyler Hansbrough? I mean, seriously, when do they get over it?”"
White	"And te NBA was in a lockout last year too.......NOBODY complained about that last year. Bc frankly, nobody cares."
White	If Lakers play like that every game no chance for anyone else in the NBA #NoExceptions
White	"Man, my job is really bringing me down. We're prepping for Mardi Gras and NBA All-Star Weekend. Sarcasm."
White	"Dwight Howard is a coach killer, team killer, and one of the biggest babies in the NBA. He thinks he's better than he is."
White	Everybody has that one friend who can tell you where every NFL/NBA player went to college
White	"haha, I agree a little bit. He seems to be acting like every other NBA star and he needs to stay different!"
White	", forget the Max deal, winning w/o you. Get out your own head and just play. #Pacers got an NBA title to win."
White	"Dead ass he walked, traveled, and carried the ball all in 10 steps lmao :face_with_tears_of_joy:, what's up with the NBA now!"
White	I need to improve my skills on NBAK2 although Legend did just drop 34. #basketballjesus
White	When I was a kid in All-Stars bball I always thought the snap warm up pants were gay. Now all NBA teams wear them??!! Wtf lol.
White	My dad is now saying he is interested in going to a game 6 or 7 of the NBA finals  Do i do that or go to the Super Bowl ? Kinda iffy bout it
White	I'm actually watching this game lmao first NBA game all season
White	It's pathetic that everyone thinks that the NBA is better than the NHL...
White	Going to take in some NBA tonight.  Pacers/Knicks.  NBA games are much better in person.
White	The #Memphisgrizzlies just made the stupidest trade in NBA history trading Rudy gay at this point in the season #wow