AA	bout to finish school got 10 days left are u going to NYC next weekend
AA	I had a BK friend but I never went to NYC
AA	DNT like da new season of Love n Hip Hop NYC
AA	"Okay, I'm convinced that Joe is the love child of Drake &amp; DMX! #LAHHNYC"
AA	OMG this spot is off the hook....I swear I fuckin luv #NYC vibe on music s/o to my homie slim we gotta bring this to NJ
AA	Missing #LHHNYC but I has to finish #theHelp.... This movie is great.
AA	Somebody had too many Black Eyed Peas for the New Year! &lt; and put NYC on blast!!
AA	not realliii got man's all the way from NYC on this ting #internationalgal
AA	My first trip when I get back driving will be past all NYC bus stops lol.. Mad wrong but idc
AA	But my homegirl did ask me when am I going to have kids??? I said when I can afford to send them to elite private schools in NYC
AA	"broke up with him, I like somebody else and NYC whoop whoop did your mom move to DC?"
AA	happy new year to u &amp; wife!!! &lt;3 When's ur next NYC gig?
AA	I just need to move to NYC and live that life.... Who down with me??
AA	NYC awaits us it's a BROADWAY show with our names on it!
AA	"NYC is treating me better than expected, looking forward to moving back to dc for 1 month in July though."
AA	RIP to my 411 on the sugary drink ban in NYC.
AA	Ever since Amare settled down n got married he been having mad injuries..when he first came n testing the NYC waters he was killing!
AA	"I've been to three already. 2 in NYC, one in DC. I'm due for another."
AA	Vegas go be crazy Mayweather Fight Weekend\u201d dude he fighting caught a gun charge in NYC
AA	Grinding putting together my next event that I'm throwing and still maintaining my resident spots....and yes u need 2 come 2 NYC
AA	Then in a few days up to the cold ass Big Apple #NYC #SPRINGBREAK
AA	This lady on this bus is blowin me lmfao. #NYCBound
AA	My NYC homies...ill be in the mix Saturday night. \ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01
AA	Moving NYC on this beautiful day! Be safe &amp; stay sharp! B-)
AA	as much as I really love NYC I never want to leave Philly when I'm here.
AA	well go!\u201dI will Trying to take a trip to NYC first
AA	take advantage of all that green lush plant life in NYC?
AA	CAN THESE BOYS COME TO NYC ALREADY LIKE HURRY UP!!!'kslsma
AA	"NYC is the place to be, that burg shit make niggas lazy only been there 3 times this year"
AA	Why meek mill be in NYC and ain't tell niggas?
Hisp	I had a dream I was in NYC alone with my sister and yesi and Gabe... Let me tell you it was like project x times 100..
Hisp	GOOD MORNING NYC IT\u2019S FRIDAY NOW LETS TRY AND STAY AWAY FROM THE RAILS IN THE TRAIN STATION !
Hisp	Watching Mtv club NYC 2013 I love it !! Snooki loking good like always !! And jwoww tooo lol :) :) :) :) !!!
Hisp	"Just woke up from the most awesome nap to the most horrible reality, im in fucking NYC -_-"
Hisp	People its call WINTER we experience it once a year in NYC. Now stop complaining.
Hisp	"tommaro in NYC , but i have school and im in L.A :((("
Hisp	I was supposed to be in Jersey by now but I'm still in NYC... Fail lol
Hisp	"I think NYC for bday wknd sounds good. And Lion King &amp; Annie on Broadway! It's not gona be warm, but i love musicals!!!"
Hisp	"That moment when you have your hand up waiting for a taxi, thinking your in NYC and well.....20 mins later! #annoyed"
Hisp	I really hate NYC weather right now. I wish I was somewhere warm :-(
Hisp	will you move in w me this summer!? I need you in NYC !
Hisp	to NYC I keep having to go to LA to see him #BringAlejandroFernandez2NYC
Hisp	OK. Saw the dates for L.A. so NYC as well???? Pleeeeeease.
Hisp	"Wow someone dead ass just threw an iPod dock out of a 4th floor, breaking the window, and glass almost falling on me #NYC"
Hisp	Anybody that jamms NYC rap is automatically cool to me
Hisp	"Diablo my moms going to NYC with my little brother and sister tomorrow morning, and she don't wanna take me -_- \ud83d\ude11\ud83d\ude11"
Hisp	when u coming to NYC I'm sure your fans plus me would so appreciate it
Hisp	then let's go to NYC Saturday then bro shit going to be live at LES skatepark ! Lol
Hisp	I was gonna go to the NYC one but it's on a Tuesday.
Hisp	NYC Restaurant industry workers need #paidsickdays and #RaiseTheWage NOW! Government needs to stop stalling on this issue!!
Hisp	Keen's will be thee FIRST stop when I get back to NYC.
Hisp	I really can't wait till you decide to hit up NYC/NJ again. Miss you!
Hisp	But for me to have LTE in this campo but never in buffalo or NYC . Fuck you sprint
Hisp	Its mad hot in the NYC right now!\u201d Fly over to Texas you can swim in my pool \ud83d\ude0f
Hisp	ooh wow I am sorry to hear that well u can still make the best of it or come join us in NYC its a beautiful day out
Hisp	takes it to NYC! candy crush you shall be missed! \ud83d\ude2b
Hisp	"Hey guys, I have a few pairs of tickets left for my private show in NYC. Tweet me a photo of why you want to go #enriquenyc :-\\"
Hisp	POSITIVE VIBES STUMP!! There's a tight group out here in NYC that loves you.
Hisp	My favorite NYC Divas moving into the live rounds next week!! #TheVoice \ud83c\udfa4\ud83c\udfb6
Hisp	"Back in Los Angeles from my week long vacation from NYC and DC, I'm so tired :/"
White	loving all the new shows but how ab a reboot of Most Eligible Dallas or NYC Prep?!?
White	You're more likely to find unicorns in NYC than happy people.
White	Excited for a week of classes and shows in NYC with #ComPAny2013!!!!
White	"I woke up this morning to hear the hotel neighbors arguing about $30,000 and some gold earrings. People in NYC are strange..."
White	excited for Crackberry Kevin's 30 million word review on BB10! #Blackberry10NYC
White	Goodnight NYC! My last night here before going back to school. Going to miss you :(
White	"hmm, I'm seeing a large clash right there, as expected. Hahah! Maybe I'll go to yours next week, my final week in NYC. :)"
White	do it....don't know if trains run to Montclair from NYC but def check it out
White	"I want us to intern at the UN in NYC together, bro."
White	I think last night was the greatest night of my life. I'm moving to NYC #stilldrunk
White	So Refreshed after a long night of sleep!! Time to eliminate my to do list before heading off to NYC tomorrow!!!
White	"yeah. it's weird and random because I don't know anyone in NYC, so yeah :/"
White	Houston cabbie says I'm burning $ living in NYC. I'd rather set fire to my $ than live in the middle of the country #eastorwestcoastonlypls
White	Hanging out on the set of Jimmy Fallon #nbd #NYC
White	what on the ferry?? Lol no way are horse trailers making it through the streets of NYC
White	i wish i was going to NYC w/you ): ):
White	"Last week of January. Wow! Where is the time going? Four GSHS leave to NYC tomorrow to teach at CAAS High School Brooklyn, New York. Thank y"
White	Next year I will be in NYC for New Years \ud83c\udf89\ud83c\udf89
White	good to hear it. We should catch up sometime. I'm in NYC at the end of the month.
White	I know lol I plan on being in NYC in a few months so it's cool
White	"Cara! The next time you're in Boston or maybe if I'm down in NYC again (hopefully), could we maybe have a writing session?"
White	"and met you on the street in NYC, you did the office proud!"
White	Sometime in the next few years I WILL be in NYC for New Years Eve
White	"brilliant! I seriously have to go to NYC before I go to college, I have to meet her!"
White	"Did yinz guys know that NYC smells like swamp ass and summers eve? It's true, google it. #letsgopens"
White	"Coming back from NYC and already planning another trip. Shew, I'll never stay put in one place for too long. I love traveling too much. \u2764"
White	The awkward moment when you're frantically running around Herald Square NYC shopping before leaving tomorrow that you fall flat on your face
White	I LOVE NYC. Should be back for fashion week in feb. Pretty excited for brunch ;). #champagnediet
White	":) congrats on NYC, please keep me informed on when everything happens here and give Helsinki my love (just got back to NYC)"
White	she's amazing! Can't wait until her show here in NYC in Aug.