AA	fuck you nigha we played a hell of a game\u201d \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude2d take dat L and come watch da superbowl wit us
AA	Is the superbowl being played on sunday or the Ray Lewis show!!!
AA	just told me what time does the superbowl come on today yooooo!!!!
AA	Damn my team out tha playoffs now idgaf who go to tha superbowl now
AA	Its a must the brothers play in the superbowl together\u201d not gonna happen * new new vc*
AA	Skins gonna be at the superbowl next year...dont believe me just watch nigga nigga nigga
AA	Fuck every other NFL team that's left in the playoffs.. idgaf who wins the superbowl this year
AA	I know #oomf gone do something for the superbowl .. I wanna chill with him ..
AA	"who cares...she might lip sing her way through the superbowl half time 2..\/"""
AA	wonder if ima chill wit him to watch the superbowl this sunday .
AA	Nobody tryna put a hundo on that superbowl game tho
AA	Yesssss Destiny child is back! Will be performin together at superbowl and fina drop a new cd
AA	I wish Nicki Minaj can get on the superbowl again don't nobody got time for Beyonce screaming ass
AA	was gone gt put out in da 1st round Wat y'all gotta say now\n#superbowl
AA	49ers going To be tough af in the superbowl.. But the focus now is on Brady and the Pats
AA	Nobody on da 49ers deserve to be in or win da superbowl other den Patrick n Frank
AA	Maybe Olivia will give David a litle summ summ since she just handing it out like papa johns on superbowl sunday
AA	u r rocking da right name but u forgot to add sexy yummy mouthwaterin superbowl fine gumbo thik badbitch seductive AMEN LUV
AA	Did this fool taffe compare this trial to joe namath guaranteeing the superbowl? -______-. Did this dude jus did this?
AA	"If the falcons had a consistent defence, they would be superbowl champs.......easily!"
AA	Rihanna will never get a superbowl not the new rihanna she would fuck around and come out naked
AA	"let that man live lol, he just won a superbowl"
AA	Ok finta go to breakfast den its cracking again #superbowl today #ravens bitch I'm out here
AA	"sleepy AF , fcking with that damn superbowl . Ugh"
AA	"Long as they got food for the superbowl ima watch it, but I hate football."
AA	why the whole murder thing came back up about ray lewis after he won the superbowl
AA	Am I the only one who doesnt care about the superbowl ? *shrugs*\u201d No lol
AA	"Plans for today work, superbowl, sleep that's it...tho its all subject to change"
AA	Hoes still talkin bout how the flyers won tha superbowl on campus tho smh im disappointed
AA	This superbowl dont even interest me i want sum cookies
Hisp	Looks like the two brothers team will be fighting for the superbowl\u201d he owns them?
Hisp	was sayin Patriots &amp; Falcons for the superbowl now he looks all Bitchmade rooting for Raven #lol
Hisp	this bitch. Wtf I'm I the football king??? I've been watching the games. Wait till after the superbowl
Hisp	#superbowl wings and beer!!!!! Making all types of wings that day. 1.lemon pepper wings 2. My own special BBQ wings 3. Honey &amp; Spicy wings!!
Hisp	I need to buy 2 *Raven* beanies for the #superbowl !! Anyone know were!!?? :)
Hisp	"look at all those superbowls the patriots won, all were directly effected by made kicks. Adam is clutch as hell."
Hisp	I knoww!:O its going to be my first superbowl with the niners playing&amp; im so totally looking foward for the 3rd #Ninerfaithful
Hisp	idk what team to pick for thee superbowl doesnt really matter cuz fucken packers are out -.-
Hisp	Wow the two head coaches are brother and they are playing against each other in the superbowl
Hisp	I fucking hate the patriots but I think their gonna win this superbowl ..
Hisp	and they are going to sing this at the superbowl? Pathetic!
Hisp	Its intercepted!! And the ravens are going to the superbowl!! :)
Hisp	"There wouldn't be no Alamo, no cowboys in the superbowl, no loan some dove no yellow rose, if it wasn't for Texas."
Hisp	uh chill. Win a superbowl after my age of 3 please.
Hisp	And it begins all cowboy fans saying superbowl bound chill out its just one game
Hisp	"let's face reality,how many QB's/runners have won a superbowl? 1 or maybe 2, steve young and I don't know who else?"
Hisp	Its okay Tom now you know how Niner fans felt like on the misses holding call on a possible game winner in the superbowl lol
Hisp	Mecum is better trust me if your into car that's our superbowl beside if my team isn't in the superbowl who cares
Hisp	Na! Just look at the team Brady had. Yea sure he's doing good with rookies but that ain't the superbowl team he had before.
Hisp	oh &amp; the commercials this year SUCKED. like wtf #superbowl?!??!\u201d
Hisp	"Good morning!! Today's a brand new day.. But, still sad that the 49ers lost in the superbowl, but soon I'll get over it"
Hisp	Commercial of the day!!!! I think the Taco Bell one #superbowlcommercials
Hisp	Beyonce and madonna should be banned from future #superbowl halftime show performances.
Hisp	#TOUCHDOWN! it's not over trill the lights go out. #superbowl
Hisp	"Okay, superbowl's over guys, we can go to bed now."
Hisp	Am I the only who doesn't get excited about the superbowl? It's like eh
Hisp	Yes I'm the only bitch not tweeting about the superbowl! And #IDGAF -.-
Hisp	Erabody is so excited bout Beyonce performin at the superbowl...unless she popping out a tittie...IDGAF
Hisp	Am I the only one not watching the superbowl ?
Hisp	"Hey its sunday, the day before school &amp; the superbowl but I ain't gunna act like I even care about it cause I dont lol (:"
White	Um anyone more than excited that beyonce is the half time show !? #superbowl
White	Let me ask you all this who do u think is going to win the #superbowl
White	The #HarBowl who ya got in the superbowl?!? I think Jimmy out coaches older brother
White	#question wheres ny patriots Randy Moss jersey? i wana wear it for the superbowl...
White	"Babysitting 2/2 so no 5k, but I can definitely do the plunge superbowl Sunday !! Who's down?!"
White	is a total fruad. If u picked ravens to go to superbowl why did u pick pats yesterday. Hindsite is 20-20 but not #freemoney
White	I hope its 49ers and Ravens superbowl at this point. Anything else would just be unacceptable.
White	"I picked Denver .. But if Baltimore wins, it would help me more since everyone who picked the Broncos to the superbowl would get less points"
White	PATRIOTS ARE OUT!! Yes!! Dont like the ravens but good game!! Go ravens!! See ya at the superbowl!!
White	can we please sign Bernard pollard and just sit him on the bench for the rest of Tom Brady's career. #2superbowls #4patriots
White	"even if sf49ers reach superbowl ,patriots gonna destroy them bro.."
White	Fuck Atlanta let's go 49ers and ravens superbowl brother vs. Brother
White	if someone said they would buy u and your 3 friends tickets to the superbowl if you married them would you do it??
White	"With this game pretty much in san frans hands, I could see tony giving it one more go at a superbowl"
White	any chance a former marine from RI suffering PTSD can go to the superbowl with you
White	looking like a ravens superbowl ! most vicious team still standing
White	To all the #haters who didn't believe me when i said the Ravens are going to the #superbowl
White	I don't like the 49ers but I hope they go to the superbowl. #niners
White	you being a steelers fan would understand why its funny he'll be watching the superbowl with his shampoo lol
White	"we would all appreciate a moment of silence, Cecil county has been through so much recently. #superbowlsilence #prayforangelo"
White	"hey, be nice! We are warning up the seats for you to watch the superbowl at home :d"
White	"Congrats ravens, now kick the 49ers ass in the superbowl #SBXLVII"
White	I'm ok w/ trying to get #HarBowl trending ... excited for the superbowl! Let's go Ravens!!
White	San Fran and Baltimore ?? I like this superbowl! But i want Baltimore ... Do it for Ray\ud83d\udc4d
White	All I see on twitter is something about hockey. What happened did the red wings win the superbowl?
White	"Look at you MSY all snazzed up for the superbowl. If a hurricane won't kick you into shape, football will!"
White	Idk who gonna win the superbowl and im not goin for no team im just gonna watch
White	This game is pretty much the superbowl. The winner is winning it all. #RavenNation
White	why do they have pro bowl before superbowl. ? If your in it you cant play in pro bowl. Dose this make sense?
White	Why have pro bowl before superbowl makes no sense .what dose everyone think? Wasn't it after the superbowl at one time?