AA	I need to find more ppl that got xbox live tho cause I wanna play with someone
AA	#IGottaThingFor ah girl that plays ah xbox 360 veryyyyy well\u201d right chea !!!
AA	hw u fall asleep playin da xbox 360 lol diz nigga #Champ must b fried
AA	"shit gay, still cant connect to xbox live !\u201d Salty."
AA	im bout 2 sell dis xbox n buy a ps3!!!!
AA	"home on my xbox or ridin out wit timz.. Ain't hidin, Neva hard to find"
AA	you know those games are goin be on ps4? I been playing on xbox
AA	"My goal was to save up for an xbox, not a laptop. -__-"
AA	jst walked in finna get on black ops xbox live
AA	Wait till I get that damn chord for my xbox live. Ima be bustn ppl ass all across the country gotdammit
AA	In 8 hours all these idiots can stop calling it the xbox 720 when they finally show the name. Who the f*** would name it 720? THINK DUMMIES
AA	I don't even own a play station.. ima xbox nigga.. I beat chris every time I touched the controller... that don't even make sense
AA	noone even nows how that shit looks yet......but that xbox one look g ass fukk
AA	-I need some weed.....some liquor.......&amp; xbox to play call of duty
AA	I have Halo AND Call of Duty for my xbox...I'm ready to die now. \ud83d\ude0c\ud83d\ude01
AA	"Niggas play so many games already , df they need xbox for ?"
AA	Im just wondering does the xbox have ah pandora app cause im tired of pickin shit on youtub
AA	Think my xbox had to ever take this long to update? \ud83d\ude12
AA	Ma nigga xzerion said fuck xbox boy live at work now lol
AA	I'm playing the xbox 360 I don't have time for you bitching
AA	"#raplikelilwayne punched my ex in the face, call it xbox.\ud83d\ude02"
AA	Ihate my xbox want even let me play GTA 5gb bullshit
AA	that's my plan to get the ps4 whenever they restock it but the boys Xmas list was xbox1 or PS4
AA	"Oh shit xbox one did drop today, forgot all about it \ud83d\ude02"
AA	Who wanna stand in line an get me the new xbox 2night lol
AA	Somebody let me borrow sum xbox games none dem lame shitz either
AA	If you have xbox live dm me your name yo
AA	Jeriel don't even own any xbox exclusive games ion know why he tripping\u201dwhat that gotta do with it\u201d EVERYTHING
AA	I can watch vids and view pics from phone on my xbox via wifi
AA	Anybody up on my tl with c.o.d m3 for xbox and wanna play ???
Hisp	"Days like this I need my xbox, &amp; don't got it :\\"
Hisp	"i got a month free with the new xbox i like it so far, just i don't wanna pay after the months over lol"
Hisp	"Fuck xbox live, ain't nobody tryna pay for that ."
Hisp	lmfao!!! U living lol!!! Im gonna smash u on xbox!!!! Lol
Hisp	#Youtube on #xboxlive had been acting screwy the last 24hrs. It plays a vid for about 1min then kicks me back to the home screen
Hisp	At school i wanna play games when i get home i just stare at my xbox and computer. I feel drained after school everyday. I love you bed.
Hisp	"That pussy ain't mine, i call that shit my xbox!"
Hisp	I both consoles \ud83d\ude0f just don't like to pay for something that should be free \ud83d\ude1c #xboxsucks
Hisp	I play my phone I cant afford xbox and my pc is realy slow
Hisp	"Ladies if you and your bf hardly talk, buy a ps3 or xbox and play online with him he'll socialize like a muthafucka"
Hisp	Loved the pink lemonade! Want to try to energy shots next! #holidayvoxbox #naturalenergy
Hisp	"lol it cane out years ago tho, the first one was for ps2 this one for xbox and ps3 shit fire"
Hisp	*turns on xboxs and takes you off my live profile xD
Hisp	"The coolest thing about being single is not having to feel commited, in my case its being commited with my xbox.. I have no soul. :, ("
Hisp	"my xbox is done , no game works anymore \ud83d\ude25"
Hisp	"not sit up , set up haha its i have to have the xbox open to clean the laser when discs dont work"
Hisp	"fat fuck -.- go play xbox &amp; live ariana grande alone. You couldnt get cassandra you, what makes you think you get her"
Hisp	Life is pretty darn great\u2764 now time for some xbox\ud83d\ude0a\n#Justdance4
Hisp	I'm trying to transcend consciousness and he's fucking calling and texting about xbox?!
Hisp	Sucks not having xbox live I shoulda kept my ps3.
Hisp	I should play my cousins xbox he never uses it
Hisp	"i dont like xbox but id play all day w you, (:"
Hisp	so you wanna hang out? I got two xbox controls...
Hisp	So long since iv'e played xbox live too many updates downloading
Hisp	Ugh! The fuck Clay Guida is 10x more metal then 3H! #xboxgoldengods
Hisp	Hopefully as soon as E3s done I can pay off my xboxone #getonmylevel #xboxone
Hisp	I was 100% team xbox lol but the xbox one is very dissapointing... I heard PS4 might be doing same thing tho.
Hisp	I remember trying to play the xbox and failed sad day :'(
Hisp	steambox seems like a cool idea but if the only controller i can use in most games is the xbox one why not just play on xbox?
Hisp	The #xboxone is too big . It remind me of the PS3 ..
White	"When my brother goes to work, i take over his room and play his xbox. He will never know"
White	Maybe ND needs more practice against Bama on the xbox at halftime #SECrules #godawgs
White	"my day way pretty dope. Chilled with my bro, played the ol xbox and listened to some smooth beats. #25wives"
White	Can I borrow someone's cod for like 30 mins so I can d/l it onto the xbox
White	"fuck no i wont sell my xbox, ill but another ps3 but idk when"
White	When no one is around I play the moto racing game on xbox but shhhhh
White	Hey Marcellus! I listen to you and max every afternoon. I think i deserve a free xbox and Nike + Kinect Training. #mymoment
White	"I'm going to smack my dad and brother if they keep talking about xbox. You're 40 &amp; 7, neither of you qualify to play."
White	I have done nothing but play xbox since basketball ended. Literally
White	ryans xbox controller is missing &amp; i know who has it #giveitback
White	Not all girls play xbox to impress boys.. I actually enjoy playing it. Add me on livee niggs
White	"I was watching my friend play Dishonored last night, that game is nuts! #xbox"
White	"They are so wallet and budget friendly, you cant go wrong #holidayvoxbox #liquidlipshine"
White	thanks so much for my new xbox! You're so sweet! At Gamestop and I may preorder #gtav !
White	My valintines day will consist of lots of marijuana and xbox.
White	Life isn't always fair. But then again I say the same thing when I lose on the xbox. Moral is: When things aint going your way dont complain
White	That's cool. I could tweet via xbox the results of the game
White	Who tryna get smacked on #nba2k13 on xbox live real quick?
White	So you have time for xbox...and not me? #doesntmakesense #why
White	Wants to get bust in 2k13 that has a xbox ?!?!?!
White	Why do u need a girlfriend if u have an xbox
White	Its raining?!?!?!?! I didn't even notice til just now. I went to my xbox dashboard and it got quiet and then I heard water. Epic!
White	People are talking about the xbox 720 and the PS4. I'm just waiting for a real life BEEMOW. #CoolestGameConsole #AdventureTime
White	i should invite my cousin over so he can bring his xbox tho
White	"I'm that badass that sits at home on a Saturday night playing xbox, making pb&amp;j and dunking cookies in my red solo cup of milk."
White	ya i just got permenetly banned from xbox live last night so whats that gonna do?
White	The first time i played turned on black ops 2 i screamed and turned of my xbox lol
White	I have that for my ps3 I have mw3 for my xbox
White	Its my lucky xbox live ran out in new years
White	How yu break inside the machine??? Man I never touched my xbox while running