White	So the Eagles fans wanted rid of Andy Reid because of his poor red zone play calling and clock management... But want Brian Kelly?
AA	Like Vick in the pocket no nigga can stop me ! #LetsgoEagles
Hisp	Yee Yee! Way too beat La Vernia! Proud of our Pleasanton Eagles. :)
AA	My Eagles played so bad last night I went to bed on Mike Vick__! Still luv the tho !
AA	"Playing Online with the 49ers in #Madden13, kingjoe01 defeated the Eagles 45-20 on All-Pro in Head to Head."
White	Now its only right to bring back the Kelly Green jerseys #GoEagles #ChipKelly
White	....thoughts on Eagles hiring Chip Kelly? Did the changes of offenses in the NFL just get a lot faster with this hire?
White	"If #Eagles fans think Gus Bradley's tough attitude alone will fix the Eagles, they're wrong"
White	Who was the first person to use the term #AquaEagles?
AA	Lmbo people getting a lil hostile on twitter cowboy fans came out the cut then hey #EaglesNation team next year :P
AA	"What do you expect from the Eagles this year, Bobby?"
Hisp	"Mad that my Eagles lost but so did the Cowboys, and the Redskins, so the Division still looks the same! __"
White	Mitchell played 4 seasons with the Eagles and one offseason with the Chiefs in his average NFL career. He also loves his hands...
AA	I love my timeline when the eagles play this shit be #EaglesNation
AA	"If Vick can stay consistent and healthy, then this gone be a damn good for the Eagles"
Hisp	Chip Kelly To Be Head Coach For The Eagles!! Damn! Dats Fuckin Tight o:
White	no way the Eagles will ever have the same offense as Oregon. Chip Kelly won't be able to control NFL vets like he did college kids
Hisp	The only reason I'm looking forward to Sunday is to see my Eagles kick ass (((:”
Hisp	"it's alright, haters gonna hate, just watch the Eagles take the SB home sooner than later __"
White	7-1 run by Kirkwood has this a 17-16 game. Eagles trail by one.
Hisp	We were also in Elementary School when Eagles were Good lol
White	Wish I wasn't working so I could go to the basketball game :( #GoEagles
White	all I know is if Brady played for the Eagles or Giants-- you all would love him :)
AA	"What do you expect from the Eagles this year, Bobby?"
White	I wonder who the Eagles head coach will be next season!
White	who cares about stupid hockey? If Reuban Frank wants to talk Eagles which is his job let him. There are many people who hate hoc
AA	Damn jst got off work and heard the Eagles got chip Kelly Lmfao. Ur still gonna be sorry as usual.
Hisp	"really? The one from Mission Eagles? \nAight fine, I'll do a double workout then____"
AA	The Eagles will not get a head coach this year.
Hisp	"it makes no sense man haha. But when I see her I'll tell her 'you might be an Eagles fan, BUT YOU DON'T ME!!!'"
Hisp	Hoping the Eagles &amp; Texans have a badass season this year! ____ #favteams
Hisp	Eagles vs Cowboys for 1st place...\n\n#EagleNation! !!!!!\n\nGet the W (:
AA	#MNF the Oregon Eagles look pretty decent so far.. can they keep it up?
Hisp	Fuck man in at work and going to miss the first half of the eagles game -.- #EaglesNation
Hisp	Weather is crazy in Philly. Hoping Eagles lose today! #CowboysNation #trueblue
White	Obvious Eagles spin will be they wanted to interview every1 then make decision &amp; will never admit the Kelly's had the gig if they wanted it
White	come to Philadelphia and well put you at OLB...what would you think about that? #Eagles
Hisp	Eagles are still gna lose.. Despite that nice rush TD right meow
White	"In the last 3 years, whichever team Eagles faced in home opener went on to win the Super Bowl, (Saints, Packers, Giants)” Lol __"
Hisp	"Eagles gonna be great this year , watch us :)"
White	Gahanna Christian up 38-24 at the end of the third. #GCAEaglesBasketball
White	"Eagles fan. And NFL still ultimate proving grounds, I think."
White	i guess the Eagles should go after Tebow now #sorryFoles
Hisp	Interception Fuck yeaa baby ima cry #BirdGang #EaglesNation Fuck them cowgirls
AA	So word on the street is my Eagles are fucking them Deadskins up?! Where's all that HTTR bullshit at now?
AA	Eagles fan till I die I know we ass though
Hisp	Aww Cuttie ! why don'chu come back to us !!\n#TeamEagles
Hisp	damn that sucks. i saw the Eagles vs Patriots and Texans vs Vikings. good games
AA	"If Vick can stay consistent and healthy, then this gone be a damn good for the Eagles"
AA	Its a rough life being an Eagles fan sometimes __”
AA	Keep that up defense nd we will win this game #Eagles
White	As long as the Eagles or Steelers suck I'm happy.
White	After a successful college career he was drafted 25th overall in the 2001 NFL Draft by the Philadelphia Eagles.
White	At this point just list the names of coaches that the Eagles haven't interviewed..here ill do it..1.Jon Gruden end.
AA	Eagles fans will not care who the coach is as long as the team plays with a competitive fire and wins.
AA	Check out my website #EaglesZone... Its a great interactive fan page. So come join the #EaglesZone family
White	Feel Bad for RG3...torn ACL and LCL..praying that his surgery goes well..though I am a Eagles fan..RG3 is excite. and good for the gm!
AA	So word on the street is my Eagles are fucking them Deadskins up?! Where's all that HTTR bullshit at now?
Hisp	Congratulations!! Well earned &amp; deserved. Good luck next week and represent Hanna Eagles with pride!! Its your time to shine
Hisp	Andy Reid loved the turnovers by the Eagles almost as much as the ones made by Pillsbury” ____
AA	I turn the tv for .5 secs and the Eagles score .. Wtf lol
AA	Its a rough life being an Eagles fan sometimes __”
White	Can't believe Chip Kelly is coaching the Philadelphia Eagles. They're in for a good season now. #SorryOregon
White	Andy Reid becomes the new Chiefs Head Coach and the Eagles host the Chiefs in 2013. Already something to look forward to.
White	Man I really can't get enough of these Kelly Eagles jokes #not
Hisp	Pinches butter fingers. Come in defense hold the line #Eagles
White	Can't believe that there is a high possibility Brian Kelly may become the Eagles next head coach..............Fahck
Hisp	"Cowboys are the only team that won this week, looks like Redskins are lost and we know what happened to the Eagles already. #Giantshope"
Hisp	My goodness.... Eagles have to throw in the white towel
Hisp	Eagles &amp; Heat are streaking! :)) eagles 4 in a row and Heat 10 in a row :)
Hisp	I was kinda hoping Chip Kelly would have gone to the Eagles well if he wants to be a duck and quack let em! __
AA	The ravens lite foreal. Ray Lewis does deserve it tho. Im still #TeamEagles tho
AA	$0.50 says the #Eagles at least try out JaMarcus Russell.
Hisp	I'm 100 dollars richer!!!! Fuck yes! Thank you Eagles! __
Hisp	Hotel California by The Eagles reminds me of my dad so much.. He loves that song
Hisp	I'm just hoping the Eagles can keep it up at this point
AA	Keep that up defense nd we will win this game #Eagles
AA	I love my timeline when the eagles play this shit be #EaglesNation
White	#Oregon HC Chip Kelly will become the #PHIEagles new HC
AA	"I'm seeing sooo much dick riding yo, y'all wasn't fuckin wit Eagles last night sky hop on"
White	"Calling it now. Eagles 12-4 with a prolific offense, 1st in NFC East, and make it to the Conference Championship. #thisisawesome"
White	Just found out the Eagles interviewed Brian Billick ugh nooo
AA	I knew them Eagles was gona be sumthin else this year..
Hisp	Saying the Cowboys is better of a team than the Eagles isn't always going to make me forgive you. But for now It'll do (:&lt;
Hisp	Congrats to the Super Eagles and indeed Nigeria for wining #Afcon13 .champions of Africa!!!
White	Praying that Brian Kelly takes the head coaching job at the Eagles!!
AA	Eagles fly doe .... So why exactly am I dropping
AA	Lovie Smith as defensive coordinate not as head coach #EaglesZone
Hisp	Eagles abs Giants are rivals what are you talking about
AA	NFL - Eagles will interview Seahawks DC Gus Bradley for head coaching job Saturday - league source