Hisp	Seahawks lost today and cowboys fans talk shit? Last time I checked you're what 2-2? You guys need to stfu and go watch your team lose again
AA	U right! I did lie! #Falcons aint makin it to NFC champ game. Not if #Seahawks def playin this way!
Hisp	With Seahawks DBs ... 49ers gonna struggle on the passing game
White	Seahawks are borrowing the Vikings' clown suit from last night.
Hisp	Fucking Seahawks are gonna do it!! Wilson's a boss ;D
Hisp	"Damn man the Seahawks have to lose Sunday , so we can be tied with them ."
White	would be proud to hear these words slip my lips. I am rooting for the Seattle Seahawks. #flockout
Hisp	"The Seahawks are scary!! Wait, it's just pre-season and bunch of dudes on the field that aren't counted on come Sundays."
AA	Seahawks D - Backs &gt; Every Team D - Backs
AA	"nah, I don't think his stats was better than luck or rg3. He is the truth though. Seahawks is gonna be nasty next season"
AA	"Playing Online with the 49ers in #Madden13, kingjoe01 defeated the Seahawks 28-17 on All-Pro in Head to Head."
AA	Ain't even goin to lie the Seahawks defensive backs tuff might be the best in the NFL
AA	I think da Seahawks gon beat da falcons next week
White	Joe Buck is still a homo. Aikman needs a better sidekick. This should be a good game. #Seahawks. Hope they can win without the 12th man
White	"Seahawks have mad some stupid calls and mistakes so far, they've been awful!"
White	Like inevitably signing a Seahawks FA. Little known league rules.
AA	I knew the Seahawks wasn't just gon fold like that
White	If the Seahawks pull off this comeback it would make my day
Hisp	I want to take a picture with everyone in Seahawks Gear. Favorite this.
White	My dream Super Bowl would be Seahawks vs Broncos #predictions
Hisp	idk whitch game u saw but Seahawks won again! And also all this season they won all the games! All the ones dude!! 4-0!!!!
AA	Why keep talking about the cowboys? Focus on the Seahawks Lls
Hisp	"nah they lost, but I love watching the Seahawks whoop the Niners ass every time"
White	Seahawks are my favorite to win the Superbowl. What a game.
White	Lmao my mom said you want the Seahawks to to win ? Stay in room all day and don't come out! Hahaha
AA	Its okay. Not like the Seahawks who will win it all.
AA	Yo if Percy Harvin does go to the Seahawks they gone be hell smh
White	Had broncos beating Seahawks in the Super Bowl. And they both lost. Life sucks :/
White	#Seahawks are a man coverage secondary so if Garçon/Morgan can hold their blocks #Redskins will run all day
Hisp	I expected more from the Seahawks. It doesn't look like they want it.
Hisp	I think it's cool how the Seahawks have a deaf full back
AA	"Da Seahawks should've stayed in Washington with this shit, no executoon at all smh... #pats"
White	Looks like we got our heads out of our asses. #Seahawks
Hisp	Can't wait till today's game lets go Texans and Seahawks
Hisp	"lol don't be so sure, Aaron Rodgers is hot right now, and it might just turn into a Seahawks performance lol"
AA	Do anybody have a picture of J.Rodgers running over the Seahawks defense in January
Hisp	So patriots kill the texans and Seahawks smash the falcons
Hisp	I'm taking all bets the Seahawks don't win 11 games this year.
AA	Dem Skins Ain't Bout Shit Da Seahawks Finna Take Em All Da Way Up Thru Dea Mann
White	that'll be good game! Seahawks gonna go all the way though.
AA	son they got the nerve to say Seahawks got to corners to stop julio &amp; white soo my question is what about tony &amp;&amp; douglas lol
White	"Now ATL was playing the Skins, I might spread my $$ around. Lol. But the Seahawks? I don’t see a win for ATL."
Hisp	I'm scared of the Seahawks lol!!! Cause they beat are ass but atl is good too!! Lets see what happens lol!!!
White	"Ok, that was a great series. Seahawks will adjust but getting 7 there is huge. #HTTR!"
AA	Would love to see the Seahawks make it but ATL buss'n dem up tomorrow
White	The entire Seattle Seahawks team is at my hotel right now....everyone's flippin
White	Isn't it weird to think the Seahawks QB this time last season was Tarvaris Jackson? Now he's the third string QB on the Bills hahaha.
Hisp	Seahawks are gunna go undefeated at home thoe ! Them bastards cuhz I doubt the Rams or Cardinals gunna beat them at home .
White	I almost wanna root for our NFC south foe solely because the Seahawks are feeling themselves entirely too much
Hisp	The fact that the colts can beat the Seahawks and the Broncos but cant beat the Chargers ;) #SomethingIWillNeverUnderstand
AA	I been telling niggas years ago stop sleepin on the clippers and the Seahawks. They called me a retard but look at them now
AA	naw bro we ain't there yet next two years maybe” bro Seahawks is nice but I gotta rock wit us
AA	"I love my Dolphins, but them Seahawks be ballin. My second team never had a second team. Go Dolphins!!!"
White	"I hate watching the Seahawks get crushed. In other news, happy opposite day."
Hisp	how are they better if they didn't get in? Even the fucking Seahawks got in..
Hisp	Seahawks fans Better hope the Super Bowl is in Seattle or wait it's in New York __
AA	I can't wait till Sundays playoff game against the Seahawks my skins goin to win watch
White	"Hey non-Falcons/non-Seahawks fans: how did you pick your side today? I'm so conflicted, but can't do the 'I want a good game' thing."
AA	On de low I think Seahawks winning it all...I'm speaking soon don't hold me to it. I nees to make playoff division picks.
AA	I swear I just peed on myself thank you Seahawks coach
AA	niggas aint like the Seahawks when they was 7_-9_ ________
Hisp	Seattle Seahawks did some real shit but couldn't come away with the win I know they going to be sick on madden tho #secondfavoriteteam
AA	"Damn, I hate the Seahawks &amp; Falcons game is a early one. Shit"
Hisp	watching this Seahawks vs Cardinals game w . my dad __
AA	NFL - Eagles will interview Seahawks DC Gus Bradley for head coaching job Saturday - league source
Hisp	you should have known that The Seahawks cant beat us at the Stick !
White	Eastern came from a 35-0 deficit... Lets see the Seahawks do it.
AA	Want these Seahawks to come threw but don't really care who wins this one.
Hisp	What did I say about this team! Seahawks my second favorite team
Hisp	Today is the #Rookieshowdown and its all about The Seahawks!
White	Wow here come the Hawks again. Damm they don't quit do they. #Seahawks #Playoffs
Hisp	Ha Seahawks aren't letting the Niners escape this game healthy that's what 3 players now or 4?
White	Seahawks +1 @ falcons?!?! Line is right but damn was hoping they'd throw some more points out for the public.
Hisp	Sometimes it's better to be Lucky than good..... Nimodo ......I'm Glad I'm a Seahawks Fan !!
White	Peyton is killing it right now and Seahawks have that momentum the past few champs have all had coming into the playoffs
White	it does but Russel will come around. The Seahawks defense will make adjustments. It will b a good game
White	"These playoffs suck, but I'd love to see nothing more than RGIII getting blown out. #Seahawks #please"
White	I dislike the Seahawks ALMOST as much as the Cowgirls. #HTTR
White	"#Seahawks all I have is one simple request, please...beat the #falcons they don't deserve to play in the Superbowl at the Superdome"
AA	We FKN Tha Seahawks OVERR Tonight! . . #justwatch\n RudeBITCH Dondria! _
Hisp	The Seahawks game would of been 10x better if it was at night
AA	lol the 49ers are a Seahawks Lite... WE IN THE SUPERBOWL NOW BRUH!!!!
AA	lol i guess. The Seahawks one was damn near a fold. Dude has no substance
White	U deserved that Seahawks got into the playoffs cause off the refs
Hisp	Lol I was hoping the Seahawks would of repeated the catch
AA	Good drive Seahawks 2 VA boys hooking up for the TD
Hisp	At least I get to see some of the Seahawks game today :D
AA	The Seahawks will win this game...mark my words!!! This is the same ol falcons lol
Hisp	I didn't watch the game cuz I was at work but I know they won so Seahawks 9-1... That is all
White	"Seahawks not good on road, Redskins not great at home. Both teams on a roll. RG3 not 100%. I'll take Seattle, 24-21."